Random text generated at https://randomwordgenerator.com/paragraph.php
Sleep deprivation causes all sorts of challenges and problems. When one doesn’t get enough sleep one’s mind
doesn’t work clearly. Studies have shown that after staying awake for 24 hours one’s ability to do simple 
math is greatly impaired. Driving tired has been shown to be as bad as driving drunk. Moods change, 
depression, anxiety, and mania can be induced by lack of sleep. As much as people try to do without enough 
sleep it is a wonder more crazy things don’t happen in this world.
The water rush down the wash and into the slot canyon below. Two hikers had started the day to sunny weather 
without a cloud in the sky, but they hadn't thought to check the weather north of the canyon. 
Huge thunderstorms had brought a deluge o rain and produced flash floods heading their way. The two hikers 
had no idea what was coming.
I'm so confused by your ridiculous meltdown that I must insist on some sort of explanation for your behavior towards me. It just doesn't make any sense. There's no way that I deserved the treatment you gave me without an explanation or an apology for how out of line you have been.
Nobody really understood Kevin. It wasn't that he was super strange or difficult. It was more that there 
wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him. This was a shame as Kevin had 
many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had. It was even more of a shame 
that they'd refuse to listen even if Kevin offered to give them the answers. So, Kevin remained silent, 
misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself.
Trees. It was something about the trees. The way they swayed with the wind in unison. The way they shaded 
the area around them. The sounds of their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the branches as they sway, 
The trees were making a statement that I just couldn't understand.
It wasn't that he hated her. It was simply that he didn't like her much. It was difficult for him to 
explain this to her, and even more difficult for her to truly understand. She was in love and wanted him to 
feel the same way. He didn't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her she refused to listen or to 
understand.
Debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach. She wiggled her 
fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air. She shifted the weight of her body to try and 
reach an inch or two more down the hole. Her fingers still touched nothing but air.
Twenty-five years Dana had been waiting. She tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always 
managed to be as patient as she'd like. But today the opportunity had finally come. The thing she always 
imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen. She didn't know why at this 
specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside.
Devon couldn't figure out the color of her eyes. He initially would have guessed that they were green, 
but the more he looked at them he almost wanted to say they were a golden yellow. Then there were the 
flashes of red and orange that seemed to be streaked throughout them. It was almost as if her eyes were 
made of opal with the sun constantly glinting off of them and bringing out more color. They were definitely 
the most unusual pair of eyes he'd ever seen.
The day had begun on a bright note. The sun finally peeked through the rain for the first time in a week, 
and the birds were singing in its warmth. There was no way to anticipate what was about to happen. It was a 
worst-case scenario and there was no way out of it.
The rain and wind abruptly stopped, but the sky still had the gray swirls of storms in the distance. Dave 
knew this feeling all too well. The calm before the storm. He only had a limited amount of time before all 
Hell broke loose, but he stopped to admire the calmness. Maybe it would be different this time, he thought, 
with the knowledge deep within that it wouldn't.
Do you think you're living an ordinary life? You are so mistaken it's difficult to even explain. The mere 
fact that you exist makes you extraordinary. The odds of you existing are less than winning the lottery, 
but here you are. Are you going to let this extraordinary opportunity pass?
A long black shadow slid across the pavement near their feet and the five Venusians, very much startled, 
looked overhead. They were barely in time to see the huge gray form of the carnivore before it vanished 
behind a sign atop a nearby building which bore the mystifying information "Pepsi-Cola."
The cab arrived late. The inside was in as bad of shape as the outside which was concerning, and it didn't 
appear that it had been cleaned in months. The green tree air-freshener hanging from the rearview mirror 
was either exhausted of its scent or not strong enough to overcome the other odors emitting from the cab. 
The correct decision, in this case, was to get the hell out of it and to call another cab, but she was late 
and didn't have a choice.
It's not his fault. I know you're going to want to, but you can't blame him. He really has no idea how it 
happened. I kept trying to come up with excuses I could say to mom that would keep her calm when she found 
out what happened, but the more I tried, the more I could see none of them would work. He was going to get 
her wrath and there was nothing I could say to prevent it.
Ten more steps. If he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move. He tried to 
will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain. Ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't 
appear he would be able to do it.
She was infatuated with color. She didn't have a favorite color per se, but she did have a fondness for 
teals and sea greens. You could see it in the clothes she wore that color was an important part of her 
overall style. She took great pride that color flowed from her and that color was always all around her. 
That is why, she explained to her date sitting across the table, that she could never have a serious 
relationship with him due to the fact that he was colorblind.
Colors bounced around in her head. They mixed and threaded themselves together. Even colors that had no 
business being together. They were all one, yet distinctly separate at the same time. How was she going 
to explain this to the others?
Was it a whisper or was it the wind? He wasn't quite sure. He thought he heard a voice but at this moment 
all he could hear was the wind rustling the leaves of the trees all around him. He stopped and listened 
more intently to see if he could hear the voice again. Nothing but the wind rustling the leaves could be 
heard. He was about to continue his walk when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and he quickly turned to see 
who it was. There was nobody there, but he heard the voice again.
There once lived an old man and an old woman who were peasants and had to work hard to earn their daily 
bread. The old man used to go to fix fences and do other odd jobs for the farmers around, and while he was 
gone the old woman, his wife, did the work of the house and worked in their own little plot of land.
Barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes. it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes. 
David had promised that he would be on time today. He never was, but he had promised this one time. She had 
made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise. Now she was 
paying the price.
She didn't understand how changed worked. When she looked at today compared to yesterday, there was nothing 
that she could see that was different. Yet, when she looked at today compared to last year, she couldn't 
see how anything was ever the same.
Time is all relative based on age and experience. When you are a child an hour is a long time to wait but 
a very short time when that’s all the time you are allowed on your iPad. As a teenager time goes faster the 
more deadlines you have and the more you procrastinate. As a young adult, you think you have forever to live
 and don’t appreciate the time you spend with others. As a middle-aged adult, time flies by as you watch 
 your children grow up. And finally, as you get old and you have fewer responsibilities and fewer demands 
 on you, time slows. You appreciate each day and are thankful you are alive. An hour is the same amount of 
 time for everyone yet it can feel so different in how it goes by.
It was a weird concept. Why would I really need to generate a random paragraph? Could I actually learn 
something from doing so? All these questions were running through her head as she pressed the generate 
button. To her surprise, she found what she least expected to see.
I recollect that my first exploit in squirrel-shooting was in a grove of tall walnut-trees that shades one 
side of the valley. I had wandered into it at noontime, when all nature is peculiarly quiet, and was 
startled by the roar of my own gun, as it broke the Sabbath stillness around and was prolonged and 
reverberated by the angry echoes.
There was no ring on his finger. That was a good sign although far from proof that he was available. 
Still, it was much better than if he had been wearing a wedding ring on his hand. She glanced at his hand 
a bit more intently to see if there were any tan lines where a ring may have been, and he's simply taken 
it off. She couldn't detect any which was also a good sign and a relief. The next step would be to get 
access to his wallet to see if there were any family photos in it.
It was going to rain. The weather forecast didn't say that, but the steel plate in his hip did. He had 
learned over the years to trust his hip over the weatherman. It was going to rain, so he better get outside 
and prepare.
He took a sip of the drink. He wasn't sure whether he liked it or not, but at this moment it didn't matter. 
She had made it especially for him so he would have forced it down even if he had absolutely hated it. 
That's simply the way things worked. She made him a new-fangled drink each day and he took a sip of it and 
smiled, saying it was excellent.
It was the best compliment that he'd ever received although the person who gave it likely never knew. It 
had been an off-hand observation on his ability to hold a conversation and actually add pertinent 
information to it on practically any topic. Although he hadn't consciously strived to be able to do so, 
he'd started to voraciously read the news when he couldn't keep up on topics his friends discussed because 
their conversations went above his head. The fact that someone had noticed enough to compliment him that he 
could talk intelligently about many topics meant that he had succeeded in his quest to be better informed.
The tree missed the days the kids used to come by and play. It still wore the tire swing the kids had put 
up in its branches years ago although both the tire and the rope had seen better days. The tree had watched 
all the kids in the neighborhood grow up and leave, and it wondered if there would ever be a time when 
another child played and laughed again under its branches. That was the hope that the tree wished every 
day as the swing gently swung empty in the wind.