she asked the question even though she didn't really want to hear the answer. it was a no-win situation since she already knew. if he told the truth, she'd get confirmation of her worst fears. if he lied, she'd know that he wasn't who she thought he was which would be almost as bad. yet she asked the question anyway and waited for his answer.'
the headphones were on. they had been utilized on purpose. she could hear her mom yelling in the background, but couldn't make out exactly what the yelling was about. that was exactly why she had put them on. she knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, and she could pretend that she hadn't heard any of the previous yelling.'
there was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe. all one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty. yet bob didn't see another option. he may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have. a choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly.'
sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned. this had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it. he didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it. or at least he thought he had. all that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound.'
turning away from the ledge, he started slowly down the mountain, deciding that he would, that very night, satisfy his curiosity about the man-house. in the meantime, he would go down into the canyon and get a cool drink, after which he would visit some berry patches just over the ridge, and explore among the foothills a bit before his nap-time, which always came just after the sun had walked past the middle of the sky. at that period of the day the sun's warm rays seemed to cast a sleepy spell over the silent mountainside, so all of the animals, with one accord, had decided it should be the hour for their mid-day sleep.'
his parents continued to question him. he didn't know what to say to them since they refused to believe the truth. he explained again and again, and they dismissed his explanation as a figment of his imagination. there was no way that grandpa, who had been dead for five years, could have told him where the treasure had been hidden. of course, it didn't help that grandpa was roaring with laughter in the chair next to him as he tried to explain once again how he'd found it.'
no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened. it didn't even really make sense to him. all he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move. it was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene. he knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth.'
it really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve. that's what he kept trying to convince himself. she was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome. he already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make. the question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve.'
the paper was blank. it shouldn't have been. there should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more. the fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating. actually, it was even more than frustrating. it was downright distressing.'
sometimes it just doesn't make sense. the man walking down the street in a banana suit. the llama standing in the middle of the road. the fairies dancing in front of the car window. the fact that all of this was actually happening and wasn't a dream.'
there wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention. it was the clouds. the deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these. she knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared.'
the water rush down the wash and into the slot canyon below. two hikers had started the day to sunny weather without a cloud in the sky, but they hadn't thought to check the weather north of the canyon. huge thunderstorms had brought a deluge o rain and produced flash floods heading their way. the two hikers had no idea what was coming.'
it was their first date and she had been looking forward to it the entire week. she had her eyes on him for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme with several friends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the hint and asked her out. after all the time and effort she'd invested into it, she never thought that it would be anything but wonderful. it goes without saying that things didn't work out quite as she expected.'
he wandered down the stairs and into the basement. the damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air. a single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper. he inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over LO years. he was positive that this was the place he wanted to live.'
it had been a rough day. things hadn't gone as planned and that meant hannah got yelled at by her boss. it didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault. when things went wrong at work, hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances. it wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had.'
the piano sat silently in the corner of the room. nobody could remember the last time it had been played. the little girl walked up to it and hit a few of the keys. the sound of the piano rang throughout the house for the first time in years. in the upstairs room, confined to her bed, the owner of the house had tears in her eyes.'
what have you noticed today? i noticed that if you outline the eyes, nose, and mouth on your face with your finger, you make an "i" which makes perfect sense, but is something i never noticed before. what have you noticed today?'
she wondered if the note had reached him. she scolded herself for not handing it to him in person. she trusted her friend, but so much could happen. she waited impatiently for word.'
what if dogs were racist? would they care about fur color... "son, only play with other tan dogs"? or maybe it would depend on breed, "honey, only play with other german shepards, never poodles". better yet it could depend on occupation. "i'm a sled dog while you're only a running companion, leave me alone". maybe the neighborhood they live in could be the way they choose which dogs to associate with and which to shun? size could be the determining factor, "see how tall that dog is, they are probably dumb". luckily dogs don't discriminate. just watch at a dog park. big black and white dogs wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs. a service dog chases after the same ball as the off-duty police dog. so if dogs don't discriminate then why do we?'
sometimes there isn't a good answer. no matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense. and instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. why?'
her hand was balled into a fist with her keys protruding out from between her fingers. this was the weapon her father had shown her how to make when she walked alone to her car after work. she wished that she had something a little more potent than keys between her fingers. it would have been nice to have some mace or pepper spray. he had been meaning to buy some but had never gotten around to it. as the mother bear took another step forward with her cubs in tow, she knew her fist with keys wasn't going to be an adequate defense for this situation.'
although scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did. they had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something joe apologized for doing didn't really matter. scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as joe continued to apologize. scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same.'
there was a time when this wouldn't have bothered her. the fact that it did actually bother her bothered her even more. what had changed in her life that such a small thing could annoy her so much for the entire day? she knew it was ridiculous that she even took notice of it, yet she was still obsessing over it as she tried to fall asleep.'
there was something in the sky. what exactly was up there wasn't immediately clear. but there was definitely something in the sky and it was getting bigger and bigger.'
the house was located at the top of the hill at the end of a winding road. it wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed. they were just all too afraid to ever go and see it in person.'
"i'll talk to you tomorrow in more detail at our meeting, but i think i've found a solution to our problem. it's not exactly legal, but it won't land us in jail for the rest of our lives either. are you willing to take the chance?" monroe asked his partner over the phone.'
time is all relative based on age and experience. when you are a child an hour is a long time to wait but a very short time when that's all the time you are allowed on your ipad. as a teenager time goes faster the more deadlines you have and the more you procrastinate. as a young adult, you think you have forever to live and don't appreciate the time you spend with others. as a middle-aged adult, time flies by as you watch your children grow up. and finally, as you get old and you have fewer responsibilities and fewer demands on you, time slows. you appreciate each day and are thankful you are alive. an hour is the same amount of time for everyone yet it can feel so different in how it goes by.'
there were a variety of ways to win the game. james had played it long enough to know most of them and he could see what his opponent was trying to do. there was a simple counterattack that james could use and the game should be his. he began deploying it with the confidence of a veteran player who had been in this situation a thousand times in the past. so, it was with great surprise when his opponent used a move he had never before seen or anticipated to easily defeat him in the game.'
it wasn't quite yet time to panic. there was still time to salvage the situation. at least that is what she was telling himself. the reality was that it was time to panic and there wasn't time to salvage the situation, but he continued to delude himself into believing there was.'
the alarm went off at exactly PTJJ am as it had every morning for the past five years. barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by QTJJ am. the day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change. in fact, it was going to change at exactly QTLM am.'
betty decided to write a short story and she was sure it was going to be amazing. she had already written it in her head and each time she thought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowing how wonderful it would be. she could imagine the accolades coming in and the praise she would receive for creating such a wonderful piece. she was therefore extremely frustrated when she actually sat down to write the short story and the story that was so beautiful inside her head refused to come out that way on paper.'
there was a time and a place for stephanie to use her magic. the problem was that she had a difficult time determining this. she wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences. unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time.'
it wasn't supposed to end that way. the plan had been meticulously thought out and practiced again and again. there was only one possible result once it had been implemented, but as they stood there the result wasn't anything close to what it should have been. they all blankly looked at each wondering how this could have happened. in their minds, they all began to blame the other members of the group as to why they had failed.'
the chair sat in the corner where it had been for over LO years. the only difference was there was someone actually sitting in it. how long had it been since someone had done that? ten years or more he imagined. yet there was no denying the presence in the chair now.'
the shades were closed keeping the room dark. peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower. nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day. he stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day.'
"so, what do you think?" he asked nervously. he wanted to know the answer, but at the same time, he didn't. he'd put his heart and soul into the project and he wasn't sure he'd be able to recover if they didn't like what he produced. the silence from the others in the room seemed to last a lifetime even though it had only been a moment since he asked the question. "so, what do you think?" he asked again.'
as she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye. it wasn't so much its color or shape, but the way it was moving. she squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't help. as she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body. she felt like she should get up and run. if only she could make out what it was. at that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same.'
it was going to rain. the weather forecast didn't say that, but the steel plate in his hip did. he had learned over the years to trust his hip over the weatherman. it was going to rain, so he better get outside and prepare.'
have you ever wondered about toes? why KJ toes and not KL. why are some bigger than others? some people can use their toes to pick up things while others can barely move them on command. some toes are nice to look at while others are definitely not something you want to look at. toes can be stubbed and make us scream. toes help us balance and walk. KJ toes are just something to ponder.'
breastfeeding is good for babies and moms. infants that are breastfed get antibodies from their mothers against common illnesses. breastfed babies have less chance of being obese as an adult. breastfeeding a baby lets the infant-mother pair bond in a very unique way. mother's who breastfeed lower their chances of developing breast cancer. usually, mothers who breastfeed lose their pregnancy weight more quickly and easily. the benefits of breastfeeding are numerous.'
they had always called it the green river. it made sense. the river was green. the river likely had a different official name, but to everyone in town, it was and had always been the green river. so it was with great surprise that on this day the green river was a fluorescent pink.'
the computer wouldn't start. she banged on the side and tried again. nothing. she lifted it up and dropped it to the table. still nothing. she banged her closed fist against the top. it was at this moment she saw the irony of trying to fix the machine with violence.'
i inadvertently went to see's candy last week Bi was in the mall looking for phone repair,, and as it turns out, see's candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- for even the simplest of their wee confection offerings. i bought two chocolate lollipops and two chocolate-caramel-almond things. the total cost was four-something. i mean, the candies were tasty and all, but let's be realT a snickers bar is fifty cents. after this dollar-per-candy revelation, i may not find myself wandering dreamily back into a see's candy any time soon.'
i haven't bailed on writing. look, i'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track. i am making an effort. i will start writing consistently again;'
the wave crashed and hit the sandcastle head-on. the sandcastle began to melt under the waves force and as the wave receded, half the sandcastle was gone. the next wave hit, not quite as strong, but still managed to cover the remains of the sandcastle and take more of it away. the third wave, a big one, crashed over the sandcastle completely covering and engulfing it. when it receded, there was no trace the sandcastle ever existed and hours of hard work disappeared forever.'
there was a reason for her shyness. everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better. she knew the exact moment that the shyness began. it had been that fateful moment at the lake. there are just some events that do that to you.'
according to the caption on the bronze marker placed by the multnomah chapter of the daughters of the american revolution on may KL, KSMS, "college hall Bis, the oldest building in continuous use for educational purposes west of the rocky mountains. here were educated men and women who have won recognition throughout the world in all the learned professions."'
patrick didn't want to go. the fact that she was insisting they must go made him want to go even less. he had no desire to make small talk with strangers he would never again see just to be polite. but she insisted that patrick go, and she would soon find out that this would be the biggest mistake she could make in their relationship.'
was it a whisper or was it the wind? he wasn't quite sure. he thought he heard a voice but at this moment all he could hear was the wind rustling the leaves of the trees all around him. he stopped and listened more intently to see if he could hear the voice again. nothing but the wind rustling the leaves could be heard. he was about to continue his walk when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and he quickly turned to see who it was. there was nobody there, but he heard the voice again.'
cake or pie? i can tell a lot about you by which one you pick. it may seem silly, but cake people and pie people are really different. i know which one i hope you are, but that's not for me to decide. so, what is it? cake or pie? she reached her goal, exhausted. even more chilling to her was that the euphoria that she thought she'd feel upon reaching it wasn't there. something wasn't right. was this the only feeling she'd have for over five years of hard work?'
the red line moved across the page. with each millimeter it advanced forward, something changed in the room. the actual change taking place was difficult to perceive, but the change was real. the red line continued relentlessly across the page and the room would never be the same.'
debbie had taken george for granted for more than fifteen years now. he wasn't sure what exactly had made him choose this time and place to address the issue, but he decided that now was the time. he looked straight into her eyes and just as she was about to speak, turned away and walked out the door.'
the trail to the left had a "danger; do not pass" sign telling people to take the trail to the right. this wasn't the way zeke approached his hiking. rather than a warning, zeke read the sign as an invitation to explore an area that would be adventurous and exciting. as the others in the group all shited to the right, zeke slipped past the danger sign to begin an adventure he would later regret.'
the young man wanted a role model. he looked long and hard in his youth, but that role model never materialized. his only choice was to embrace all the people in his life he didn't want to be like.'
it all started with a random letter. several of those were joined forces to create a random word. the words decided to get together and form a random sentence. they decided not to stop there and it wasn't long before a random paragraph had been cobbled together. the question was whether or not they could continue the momentum long enough to create a random short story.'
nobody really understood kevin. it wasn't that he was super strange or difficult. it was more that there wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him. this was a shame as kevin had many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had. it was even more of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if kevin offered to give them the answers. so, kevin remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself.'
the shades were closed keeping the room dark. peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower. nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day. he stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day.'
the amber droplet hung from the branch, reaching fullness and ready to drop. it waited. while many of the other droplets were satisfied to form as big as they could and release, this droplet had other plans. it wanted to be part of history. it wanted to be remembered long after all the other droplets had dissolved into history. so it waited for the perfect specimen to fly by to trap and capture that it hoped would eventually be discovered hundreds of years in the future.'
she counted. one. she could hear the steps coming closer. two. puffs of breath could be seen coming from his mouth. three. he stopped beside her. four. she pulled the trigger of the gun.'
it was a simple green chair. there was nothing extraordinary about it or so it seemed. it was the type of chair one would pass without even noticing it was there, let alone what the actual color of it was. it was due to this common and unassuming appearance that few people actually stopped to sit in it and discover its magical powers.'
it was the first day of the rest of her life. this wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward. although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing. her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend. she threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life.'
he had done everything right. there had been no mistakes throughout the entire process. it had been perfection and he knew it without a doubt, but the results still stared back at him with the fact that he had lost.'
then came the night of the first falling star. it was seen early in the morning, rushing over winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star. it seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him.'
it was cloudy outside but not really raining. there was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella. this hadn't stopped sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it. it had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day. sarah used the umbrella to hide.'
barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes. it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes. david had promised that he would be on time today. he never was, but he had promised this one time. she had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise. now she was paying the price.'
her hair was a tangled mess which she tried to make presentable by putting in a lump on the top of her head. it didn't really work although it was a valiant attempt. while most people simply noticed the tangled mess on top of her head, what most people failed to understand that within the tangles mess was an entirely new year. that was her secret. she kept worlds on top of her head.'
the coin hovered in the air, spinning over and over again. it reached its peak and began to descend. both boys were pleading with it to land a certain way but the coin had already made up its mind on what it was going to do.'
she was infatuated with color. she didn't have a favorite color per se, but she did have a fondness for teals and sea greens. you could see it in the clothes she wore that color was an important part of her overall style. she took great pride that color flowed from her and that color was always all around her. that is why, she explained to her date sitting across the table, that she could never have a serious relationship with him due to the fact that he was colorblind.'
it's always good to bring a slower friend with you on a hike. if you happen to come across bears, the whole group doesn't have to worry. only the slowest in the group do. that was the lesson they were about to learn that day.'
he was after the truth. at least, that's what he told himself. he believed it, but any rational person on the outside could see he was lying to himself. it was apparent he was really only after his own truth that he'd already decided and was after this truth because the facts didn't line up with the truth he wanted. so he continued to tell everyone he was after the truth oblivious to the real truth sitting right in front of him.'
"ingredients for life," said the backside of the truck. they mean food, but really food is only K ingredient of life. life has so many more ingredients such as pain, happiness, laughter, joy, tears, and smiles. life also has hard work, easy play, sleepless nights, and sunbathing by the ocean. love, hatred, envy, self-assurance, and fear could be just down aisle M ready to be bought when needed. how i wish i could pull ingredients like these off shelves in a store.'
my pincher collar is snapped on. then comes the electric zapper collar. finally, my purple at-home collar is taken off and i know i'm going for a walk to the dog park. i'm so excited to see my friends. i hope spike or thunder are there already. they're the most fun to chase and tumble with. my human is pretty strict with me. i'm only allowed on the grass and not on the sidewalks. i think she's afraid i'm going to jump on the other humans. i don't understand why everyone else gets to jump on the benches and run wild on the sidewalks. they don't listen to their humans. i know i could ignore mine but if i do she may zap me and it's just not worth it. she probably wouldn't let me back at the dog park if i didn't listen to her. i just love the dog park.'
the light was out on the front porch of the house. this was strange. judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever seen it out. she hopped out of her car and walked to the door. it was slightly ajar and she knew this meant something terrible. she gently pushed the door open and hall her fears were realized. "surprise; happy birthday;" everyone shouted.'
it really shouldn't have mattered to betty. that's what she kept trying to convince herself even if she knew it mattered to betty more than practically anything else. why was she trying to convince herself otherwise? as she stepped forward to knock on betty's door, she still didn't have a convincing answer to this question that she'd been asking herself for more than two years now.'
it was just a burger. why couldn't she understand that? she knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? she wasn't even supposed to have found out. yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger.'
after hunting for several hours, we finally saw a large seal sunning itself on a flat rock. i took one of the wooden clubs while larry took the longer one. we slowly snuck up behind the seal until we were close enough to club it over its head. the seal slumped over and died. this seal would help us survive. we could eat the meat and fat. the fat could be burned in a shell for light and the fur could be used to make a blanket. we declared our first day of hunting a great success.'
have you ever wondered about toes? why KJ toes and not KL. why are some bigger than others? some people can use their toes to pick up things while others can barely move them on command. some toes are nice to look at while others are definitely not something you want to look at. toes can be stubbed and make us scream. toes help us balance and walk. KJ toes are just something to ponder.'
the house was located at the top of the hill at the end of a winding road. it wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed. they were just all too afraid to ever go and see it in person.'
the paper was blank. it shouldn't have been. there should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more. the fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating. actually, it was even more than frustrating. it was downright distressing.'
the boy walked down the street in a carefree way, playing without notice of what was about him. he didn't hear the sound of the car as his ball careened into the road. he took a step toward it, and in doing so sealed his fate.'
"i'll talk to you tomorrow in more detail at our meeting, but i think i've found a solution to our problem. it's not exactly legal, but it won't land us in jail for the rest of our lives either. are you willing to take the chance?" monroe asked his partner over the phone.'
"can i get you anything else?" david asked. it was a question he asked a hundred times a day and he always received the same answer. it had become such an ingrained part of his daily routine that he had to step back and actively think when he heard the little girl's reply. nobody had before answered the question the way that she did, and david didn't know how he should respond.'
he stared out the window at the snowy field. he'd been stuck in the house for close to a month and his only view of the outside world was through the window. there wasn't much to see. it was mostly just the field with an occasional bird or small animal who ventured into the field. as he continued to stare out the window, he wondered how much longer he'd be shackled to the steel bar inside the house.'
there wasn't a whole lot he could do at that moment. he played the situation again and again in his head looking at what he might have done differently to make the situation better. no matter how many times he relived the situation in his head, there was never really a good alternative course of action. there simply wasn't a whole lot he could have done in that particular moment.'
was it a whisper or was it the wind? he wasn't quite sure. he thought he heard a voice but at this moment all he could hear was the wind rustling the leaves of the trees all around him. he stopped and listened more intently to see if he could hear the voice again. nothing but the wind rustling the leaves could be heard. he was about to continue his walk when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and he quickly turned to see who it was. there was nobody there, but he heard the voice again.'
she looked at her student wondering if she could ever get through. "you need to learn to think for yourself," she wanted to tell him. "your friends are holding you back and bringing you down." but she didn't because she knew his friends were all that he had and even if that meant a life of misery, he would never give them up.'
according to the caption on the bronze marker placed by the multnomah chapter of the daughters of the american revolution on may KL, KSMS, "college hall Bis, the oldest building in continuous use for educational purposes west of the rocky mountains. here were educated men and women who have won recognition throughout the world in all the learned professions."'
cake or pie? i can tell a lot about you by which one you pick. it may seem silly, but cake people and pie people are really different. i know which one i hope you are, but that's not for me to decide. so, what is it? cake or pie?'
he took a sip of the drink. he wasn't sure whether he liked it or not, but at this moment it didn't matter. she had made it especially for him so he would have forced it down even if he had absolutely hated it. that's simply the way things worked. she made him a new-fangled drink each day and he took a sip of it and smiled, saying it was excellent.'
sometimes it just doesn't make sense. the man walking down the street in a banana suit. the llama standing in the middle of the road. the fairies dancing in front of the car window. the fact that all of this was actually happening and wasn't a dream.'
i'm heading back to colorado tomorrow after being down in santa barbara over the weekend for the festival there. i will be making october plans once there and will try to arrange so i'm back here for the birthday if possible. i'll let you know as soon as i know the doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans.'
turning away from the ledge, he started slowly down the mountain, deciding that he would, that very night, satisfy his curiosity about the man-house. in the meantime, he would go down into the canyon and get a cool drink, after which he would visit some berry patches just over the ridge, and explore among the foothills a bit before his nap-time, which always came just after the sun had walked past the middle of the sky. at that period of the day the sun's warm rays seemed to cast a sleepy spell over the silent mountainside, so all of the animals, with one accord, had decided it should be the hour for their mid-day sleep.'
there was a time when this wouldn't have bothered her. the fact that it did actually bother her bothered her even more. what had changed in her life that such a small thing could annoy her so much for the entire day? she knew it was ridiculous that she even took notice of it, yet she was still obsessing over it as she tried to fall asleep.'
there was nothing else to do. the deed had already been done and there was no going back. it now had been become a question of how they were going to be able to get out of this situation and escape.'
i don't like cats and they don't like me. i used to be allergic to them and i would get stuffed up and have hives. that doesn't seem to happen anymore. but i still don't like them. i lived with M cats that were not good at peeing in the litter box. they seemed to find something important to me and pee on it. most of the time they peed on photographs or papers that would be ruined. cats also bring fleas into the house. there is nothing worse than having to flea dip cats and also flea bomb a home. that is why i don't like cats.'
sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned. this had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it. he didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it. or at least he thought he had. all that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound.'
it went through such rapid contortions that the little bear was forced to change his hold on it so many times he became confused in the darkness, and could not, for the life of him, tell whether he held the sheep right side up, or upside down. but that point was decided for him a moment later by the animal itself, who, with a sudden twist, jabbed its horns so hard into his lowest ribs that he gave a grunt of anger and disgust.'
out of another, i get a lovely view of the bay and a little private wharf belonging to the estate. there is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house. i always fancy i see people walking in these numerous paths and arbors, but john has cautioned me not to give way to fancy in the least. he says that with my imaginative power and habit of story-making a nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all manner of excited fancies and that i ought to use my will and good sense to check the tendency. so i try.'
stranded. yes, she was now the first person ever to land on venus, but that was of little consequence. her name would be read by millions in school as the first to land here, but that celebrity would never actually be seen by her. she looked at the control panel and knew there was nothing that would ever get it back into working order. she was the first and it was not clear this would also be her last. her mom had warned her. she had been warned time and again, but she had refused to believe her. she had done everything right and she knew she would be rewarded for doing so with the promotion. so when the promotion was given to her main rival, it not only stung, it threw her belief system into disarray. it was her first big lesson in life, but not the last.'
they told her that this was her once chance to show the world what she was made of. she believed them at the time. it was the big stage and she knew the world would be there to see. the only one who had disagreed with this sentiment was her brother. he had told her that you don't show the world what you're made of when they are all watching, you show that in your actions when nobody was looking. it was looking more and more like her brother was correct.'
her hair was a tangled mess which she tried to make presentable by putting in a lump on the top of her head. it didn't really work although it was a valiant attempt. while most people simply noticed the tangled mess on top of her head, what most people failed to understand that within the tangles mess was an entirely new year. that was her secret. she kept worlds on top of her head.'
the light was out on the front porch of the house. this was strange. judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever seen it out. she hopped out of her car and walked to the door. it was slightly ajar and she knew this meant something terrible. she gently pushed the door open and hall her fears were realized. "surprise; happy birthday;" everyone shouted.'
it had been a rough day. things hadn't gone as planned and that meant hannah got yelled at by her boss. it didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault. when things went wrong at work, hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances. it wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had.'
the bridge spanning a KJJ-foot gully stood in front of him as the last obstacle blocking him from reaching his destination. while people may have called it a "bridge", the reality was it was nothing more than splintered wooden planks held together by rotting ropes. it was questionable whether it would hold the weight of a child, let alone the weight of a grown man. the problem was there was no other way across the gully, and this played into his calculations of whether or not it was worth the risk of trying to cross it.'
it was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed. you want to look, but you don't at the same time. you're frozen with fear and unable to act. that's where she found herself and she didn't know what to do next'
the red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox. it had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well. the other toys grumbled beneath. at one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box.'
it's always good to bring a slower friend with you on a hike. if you happen to come across bears, the whole group doesn't have to worry. only the slowest in the group do. that was the lesson they were about to learn that day.'
the lone lamp post of the one-street town flickered, not quite dead but definitely on its way out. suitcase by her side, she paid no heed to the light, the street or the town. a car was coming down the street and with her arm outstretched and thumb in the air, she had a plan.'
there wasn't a whole lot he could do at that moment. he played the situation again and again in his head looking at what he might have done differently to make the situation better. no matter how many times he relived the situation in his head, there was never really a good alternative course of action. there simply wasn't a whole lot he could have done in that particular moment.'
terrance knew that sometimes it was simply best to stay out of it. he kept repeating this to himself as he watched the scene unfold. he knew that nothing good would come of him getting involved. it was far better for him to stay on the sidelines and observe. he kept yelling this to himself inside his head as he walked over to the couple and punched the man in the face.'
a two-inch layer of freshly fallen snow covered the yard. stacey peeked outside. to most, it would have been a beautiful sight worthy of taking a photo to put on instagram. for stacey, it meant something different. the first snow of the year brought back the witches as the fairies in the yard had to seek shelter to avoid the cold.'
she's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore. the answers were always the same. well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense. a more accurate description was the answers never surprised her. so, she asked for the KJ,JJJth time, "what's your favorite animal?" but this time was different. when she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly.'
it was difficult for him to admit he was wrong. he had been so certain that he was correct and the deeply held belief could never be shaken. yet the proof that he had been incorrect stood right before his eyes. "see daddy, i told you that they are real;" his daughter excitedly proclaimed.'
waiting and watching. it was all she had done for the past weeks. when you're locked in a room with nothing but food and drink, that's about all you can do anyway. she watched as birds flew past the window bolted shut. she couldn't reach it if she wanted too, with that hole in the floor. she thought she could escape through it but three stories is a bit far down.'
there was a reason for her shyness. everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better. she knew the exact moment that the shyness began. it had been that fateful moment at the lake. there are just some events that do that to you.'
i haven't bailed on writing. look, i'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track. i am making an effort. i will start writing consistently again;'
he watched as the young man tried to impress everyone in the room with his intelligence. there was no doubt that he was smart. the fact that he was more intelligent than anyone else in the room could have been easily deduced, but nobody was really paying any attention due to the fact that it was also obvious that the young man only cared about his intelligence.'
the song came from the bathroom belting over the sound of the shower's running water. it was the same way each day began since he could remember. it listened intently and concluded that the singing today was as terrible as it had ever been.'
marylou wore the tiara with pride. there was something that made doing anything she didn't really want to do a bit easier when she wore it. she really didn't care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment.'
there was no ring on his finger. that was a good sign although far from proof that he was available. still, it was much better than if he had been wearing a wedding ring on his hand. she glanced at his hand a bit more intently to see if there were any tan lines where a ring may have been, and he's simply taken it off. she couldn't detect any which was also a good sign and a relief. the next step would be to get access to his wallet to see if there were any family photos in it.'
she never liked cleaning the sink. it was beyond her comprehension how it got so dirty so quickly. it seemed that she was forced to clean it every other day. even when she was extra careful to keep things clean and orderly, it still ended up looking like a mess in a couple of days. what she didn't know was there was a tiny creature living in it that didn't like things neat.'
i checked in for the night at out o the way motel. what a bad choice that was. first i took a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain. next, the towel rack fell down when i reached for the one small bath towel. this allowed the towel to fall halfway into the toilet. i tried to watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wouldn't stop scrolling through the channels. i gave up for the night and crawled into bed. i stretched out my leg and felt something furry by my foot. filled with fear, i reached down and to my surprise, i pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear. after my initial relief that it wasn't alive, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon skin briefs filled my brain. i jumped out of the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted towards my car.'
she sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places. she paused and considered all that had happened. it hadn't gone as expected. when the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day's events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day.'
his mother had always taught him not to ever think of himself as better than others. he'd tried to live by this motto. he never looked down on those who were less fortunate or who had less money than him. but the stupidity of the group of people he was talking to made him change his mind.'
why do americans have so many different types of towels? we have beach towels, hand towels, bath towels, dish towels, camping towels, quick-dry towels, and let's not forget paper towels. would K type of towel work for each of these things? let's take a beach towel. it can be used to dry your hands and body with no difficulty. a beach towel could be used to dry dishes. just think how many dishes you could dry with one beach towel. i've used a beach towel with no adverse effects while camping. if you buy a thin beach towel it can dry quickly too. i'd probably cut up a beach towel to wipe down counters or for cleaning other items, but a full beach towel could be used too. is having so many types of towels an extravagant luxury that americans enjoy or is it necessary? i'd say it's overkill and we could cut down on the many types of towels that manufacturers deem necessary.'
she was aware that things could go wrong. in fact, she had trained her entire life in anticipation that things would go wrong one day. she had quiet confidence as she started to see that this was the day that all her training would be worthwhile and useful. at this point, she had no idea just how wrong everything would go that day.'
it was just a burger. why couldn't she understand that? she knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? she wasn't even supposed to have found out. yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger.'
i love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as i begin to shape the log in front of me. the sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut i am making. the smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique. the water is sprayed out as i cut through the different layers of wood. a log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools. i have those hands and imagination. i use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object. that is why i enjoy turning wood.'
twenty-five years dana had been waiting. she tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like. but today the opportunity had finally come. the thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen. she didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside.'
don't forget that gifts often come with costs that go beyond their purchase price. when you purchase a child the latest smartphone, you're also committing to a monthly phone bill. when you purchase the latest gaming system, you're likely not going to be satisfied with the games that come with it for long and want to purchase new titles to play. when you buy gifts it's important to remember that some come with additional costs down the road that can be much more expensive than the initial gift itself.'
it seemed like it should have been so simple. there was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. it was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case. the deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.'
patricia's friend who was here hardly had any issues at all, but she wasn't telling the truth. yesterday, before she left to go home, she heard that her husband is in the hospital and pretended to be surprised. it later came out that she was the person who had put him there.'
she has seen this scene before. it had come to her in dreams many times before. she had to pinch herself to make sure it wasn't a dream again. as her fingers squeezed against her arm, she felt the pain. it was this pain that immediately woke her up.'
if you can imagine a furry humanoid seven feet tall, with the face of an intelligent gorilla and the braincase of a man, you'll have a rough idea of what they looked like -- except for their teeth. the canines would have fitted better in the face of a tiger, and showed at the corners of their wide, thin-lipped mouths, giving them an expression of ferocity.'
i've rented a car in las vegas and have reserved a hotel in twentynine palms which is just north of joshua tree. we'll drive from las vegas through mojave national preserve and possibly do a short hike on our way down. then spend all day on monday at joshua tree. we can decide the next morning if we want to do more in joshua tree or mojave before we head back.'
rhonda prided herself on always taking the path less traveled. she'd decided to do this at an early age and had continued to do so throughout her entire life. it was a point of pride and she would explain to anyone who would listen that doing so was something that she'd made great efforts to always do. she'd never questioned this decision until her five-year-old niece asked her, "so, is this why your life has been so difficult?" and rhonda didn't have an answer for her.'
it had been a simple realization that had changed debra's life perspective. it was really so simple that she was embarrassed that she had lived the previous five years with the way she measured her worth. now that she saw what she had been doing, she could see how sad it was. that made her all the more relieved she had made the change. the number of hearts her instagram posts received wasn't any longer the indication of her own self-worth.'
they rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need. there was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind. everything was thrown into the car and they sped off. thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all.'
turning away from the ledge, he started slowly down the mountain, deciding that he would, that very night, satisfy his curiosity about the man-house. in the meantime, he would go down into the canyon and get a cool drink, after which he would visit some berry patches just over the ridge, and explore among the foothills a bit before his nap-time, which always came just after the sun had walked past the middle of the sky. at that period of the day the sun's warm rays seemed to cast a sleepy spell over the silent mountainside, so all of the animals, with one accord, had decided it should be the hour for their mid-day sleep.'
sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned. this had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it. he didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it. or at least he thought he had. all that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound.'
she had been an angel for coming up on KJ years and in all that time nobody had told her this was possible. the fact that it could ever happen never even entered her mind. yet there she stood, with the undeniable evidence sitting on the ground before her. angels could lose their wings.'
it all started with the computer. had he known what was to follow, he would have never logged on that day. but the truth was there was no way to know what was about to happen. so dave pressed the start button, the computer booted up, the screen came alive, and everything dave knew to be true no longer was.'
they argue. while the argument seems to be different the truth is it's always the same. yes, the topic may be different or the circumstances, but when all said and done, it all came back to the same thing. they both knew it, but neither has the courage or strength to address the underlying issue. so they continue to argue.'
he dropped the ball. while most people would think that this was a metaphor of some type, in joe's case it was absolutely literal. he had hopes of reaching the major league and that dream was now it great jeopardy. all because he had dropped the ball.'
the blinking light caught her attention. she thought about it a bit and couldn't remember ever noticing it before. that was strange since it was obvious the flashing light had been there for years. now she wondered how she missed it for that amount of time and what other things in her small town she had failed to notice.'
the river slowly meandered through the open space. it had hidden secrets that it didn't want to reveal. it had a well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, and appealing. that's how the river lured her unknowing victims to her water's edge.'
i'm heading back to colorado tomorrow after being down in santa barbara over the weekend for the festival there. i will be making october plans once there and will try to arrange so i'm back here for the birthday if possible. i'll let you know as soon as i know the doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans.'
there was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe. all one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty. yet bob didn't see another option. he may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have. a choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly.