she asked the question even though she didn't really want to hear the answer. it was a no-win situation since she already knew. if he told the truth, she'd get confirmation of her worst fears. if he lied, she'd know that he wasn't who she thought he was which would be almost as bad. yet she asked the question anyway and waited for his answer.
the headphones were on. they had been utilized on purpose. she could hear her mom yelling in the background, but couldn't make out exactly what the yelling was about. that was exactly why she had put them on. she knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, and she could pretend that she hadn't heard any of the previous yelling.
there was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe. all one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty. yet bob didn't see another option. he may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have. a choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly.
sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned. this had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it. he didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it. or at least he thought he had. all that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound.
turning away from the ledge, he started slowly down the mountain, deciding that he would, that very night, satisfy his curiosity about the man-house. in the meantime, he would go down into the canyon and get a cool drink, after which he would visit some berry patches just over the ridge, and explore among the foothills a bit before his nap-time, which always came just after the sun had walked past the middle of the sky. at that period of the day the sun's warm rays seemed to cast a sleepy spell over the silent mountainside, so all of the animals, with one accord, had decided it should be the hour for their mid-day sleep.
his parents continued to question him. he didn't know what to say to them since they refused to believe the truth. he explained again and again, and they dismissed his explanation as a figment of his imagination. there was no way that grandpa, who had been dead for five years, could have told him where the treasure had been hidden. of course, it didn't help that grandpa was roaring with laughter in the chair next to him as he tried to explain once again how he'd found it.
no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened. it didn't even really make sense to him. all he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move. it was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene. he knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth.
it really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve. that's what he kept trying to convince himself. she was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome. he already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make. the question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve.
the paper was blank. it shouldn't have been. there should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more. the fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating. actually, it was even more than frustrating. it was downright distressing.
sometimes it just doesn't make sense. the man walking down the street in a banana suit. the llama standing in the middle of the road. the fairies dancing in front of the car window. the fact that all of this was actually happening and wasn't a dream.
there wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention. it was the clouds. the deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these. she knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared.
the water rush down the wash and into the slot canyon below. two hikers had started the day to sunny weather without a cloud in the sky, but they hadn't thought to check the weather north of the canyon. huge thunderstorms had brought a deluge o rain and produced flash floods heading their way. the two hikers had no idea what was coming.
it was their first date and she had been looking forward to it the entire week. she had her eyes on him for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme with several friends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the hint and asked her out. after all the time and effort she'd invested into it, she never thought that it would be anything but wonderful. it goes without saying that things didn't work out quite as she expected.
he wandered down the stairs and into the basement. the damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air. a single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper. he inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over LO years. he was positive that this was the place he wanted to live.
it had been a rough day. things hadn't gone as planned and that meant hannah got yelled at by her boss. it didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault. when things went wrong at work, hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances. it wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had.
the piano sat silently in the corner of the room. nobody could remember the last time it had been played. the little girl walked up to it and hit a few of the keys. the sound of the piano rang throughout the house for the first time in years. in the upstairs room, confined to her bed, the owner of the house had tears in her eyes.
what have you noticed today? i noticed that if you outline the eyes, nose, and mouth on your face with your finger, you make an "i" which makes perfect sense, but is something i never noticed before. what have you noticed today?
she wondered if the note had reached him. she scolded herself for not handing it to him in person. she trusted her friend, but so much could happen. she waited impatiently for word.
what if dogs were racist? would they care about fur color... "son, only play with other tan dogs"? or maybe it would depend on breed, "honey, only play with other german shepards, never poodles". better yet it could depend on occupation. "i'm a sled dog while you're only a running companion, leave me alone". maybe the neighborhood they live in could be the way they choose which dogs to associate with and which to shun? size could be the determining factor, "see how tall that dog is, they are probably dumb". luckily dogs don't discriminate. just watch at a dog park. big black and white dogs wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs. a service dog chases after the same ball as the off-duty police dog. so if dogs don't discriminate then why do we?
sometimes there isn't a good answer. no matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense. and instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. why?
her hand was balled into a fist with her keys protruding out from between her fingers. this was the weapon her father had shown her how to make when she walked alone to her car after work. she wished that she had something a little more potent than keys between her fingers. it would have been nice to have some mace or pepper spray. he had been meaning to buy some but had never gotten around to it. as the mother bear took another step forward with her cubs in tow, she knew her fist with keys wasn't going to be an adequate defense for this situation.
although scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did. they had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something joe apologized for doing didn't really matter. scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as joe continued to apologize. scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same.
there was a time when this wouldn't have bothered her. the fact that it did actually bother her bothered her even more. what had changed in her life that such a small thing could annoy her so much for the entire day? she knew it was ridiculous that she even took notice of it, yet she was still obsessing over it as she tried to fall asleep.
there was something in the sky. what exactly was up there wasn't immediately clear. but there was definitely something in the sky and it was getting bigger and bigger.
the house was located at the top of the hill at the end of a winding road. it wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed. they were just all too afraid to ever go and see it in person.
"i'll talk to you tomorrow in more detail at our meeting, but i think i've found a solution to our problem. it's not exactly legal, but it won't land us in jail for the rest of our lives either. are you willing to take the chance?" monroe asked his partner over the phone.
time is all relative based on age and experience. when you are a child an hour is a long time to wait but a very short time when that's all the time you are allowed on your ipad. as a teenager time goes faster the more deadlines you have and the more you procrastinate. as a young adult, you think you have forever to live and don't appreciate the time you spend with others. as a middle-aged adult, time flies by as you watch your children grow up. and finally, as you get old and you have fewer responsibilities and fewer demands on you, time slows. you appreciate each day and are thankful you are alive. an hour is the same amount of time for everyone yet it can feel so different in how it goes by.
there were a variety of ways to win the game. james had played it long enough to know most of them and he could see what his opponent was trying to do. there was a simple counterattack that james could use and the game should be his. he began deploying it with the confidence of a veteran player who had been in this situation a thousand times in the past. so, it was with great surprise when his opponent used a move he had never before seen or anticipated to easily defeat him in the game.
it wasn't quite yet time to panic. there was still time to salvage the situation. at least that is what she was telling himself. the reality was that it was time to panic and there wasn't time to salvage the situation, but he continued to delude himself into believing there was.
the alarm went off at exactly P:JJ am as it had every morning for the past five years. barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by ::JJ am. the day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change. in fact, it was going to change at exactly ::LM am.
betty decided to write a short story and she was sure it was going to be amazing. she had already written it in her head and each time she thought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowing how wonderful it would be. she could imagine the accolades coming in and the praise she would receive for creating such a wonderful piece. she was therefore extremely frustrated when she actually sat down to write the short story and the story that was so beautiful inside her head refused to come out that way on paper.
there was a time and a place for stephanie to use her magic. the problem was that she had a difficult time determining this. she wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences. unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time.
it wasn't supposed to end that way. the plan had been meticulously thought out and practiced again and again. there was only one possible result once it had been implemented, but as they stood there the result wasn't anything close to what it should have been. they all blankly looked at each wondering how this could have happened. in their minds, they all began to blame the other members of the group as to why they had failed.
the chair sat in the corner where it had been for over LO years. the only difference was there was someone actually sitting in it. how long had it been since someone had done that? ten years or more he imagined. yet there was no denying the presence in the chair now.
the shades were closed keeping the room dark. peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower. nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day. he stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day.
"so, what do you think?" he asked nervously. he wanted to know the answer, but at the same time, he didn't. he'd put his heart and soul into the project and he wasn't sure he'd be able to recover if they didn't like what he produced. the silence from the others in the room seemed to last a lifetime even though it had only been a moment since he asked the question. "so, what do you think?" he asked again.
as she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye. it wasn't so much its color or shape, but the way it was moving. she squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't help. as she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body. she felt like she should get up and run. if only she could make out what it was. at that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same.
it was going to rain. the weather forecast didn't say that, but the steel plate in his hip did. he had learned over the years to trust his hip over the weatherman. it was going to rain, so he better get outside and prepare.
have you ever wondered about toes? why KJ toes and not KL. why are some bigger than others? some people can use their toes to pick up things while others can barely move them on command. some toes are nice to look at while others are definitely not something you want to look at. toes can be stubbed and make us scream. toes help us balance and walk. KJ toes are just something to ponder.
breastfeeding is good for babies and moms. infants that are breastfed get antibodies from their mothers against common illnesses. breastfed babies have less chance of being obese as an adult. breastfeeding a baby lets the infant-mother pair bond in a very unique way. mother's who breastfeed lower their chances of developing breast cancer. usually, mothers who breastfeed lose their pregnancy weight more quickly and easily. the benefits of breastfeeding are numerous.
they had always called it the green river. it made sense. the river was green. the river likely had a different official name, but to everyone in town, it was and had always been the green river. so it was with great surprise that on this day the green river was a fluorescent pink.
the computer wouldn't start. she banged on the side and tried again. nothing. she lifted it up and dropped it to the table. still nothing. she banged her closed fist against the top. it was at this moment she saw the irony of trying to fix the machine with violence.
i inadvertently went to see's candy last week Bi was in the mall looking for phone repair,, and as it turns out, see's candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- for even the simplest of their wee confection offerings. i bought two chocolate lollipops and two chocolate-caramel-almond things. the total cost was four-something. i mean, the candies were tasty and all, but let's be real: a snickers bar is fifty cents. after this dollar-per-candy revelation, i may not find myself wandering dreamily back into a see's candy any time soon.
i haven't bailed on writing. look, i'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track. i am making an effort. i will start writing consistently again;
the wave crashed and hit the sandcastle head-on. the sandcastle began to melt under the waves force and as the wave receded, half the sandcastle was gone. the next wave hit, not quite as strong, but still managed to cover the remains of the sandcastle and take more of it away. the third wave, a big one, crashed over the sandcastle completely covering and engulfing it. when it receded, there was no trace the sandcastle ever existed and hours of hard work disappeared forever.
there was a reason for her shyness. everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better. she knew the exact moment that the shyness began. it had been that fateful moment at the lake. there are just some events that do that to you.
according to the caption on the bronze marker placed by the multnomah chapter of the daughters of the american revolution on may KL, KSMS, "college hall Bis, the oldest building in continuous use for educational purposes west of the rocky mountains. here were educated men and women who have won recognition throughout the world in all the learned professions."
patrick didn't want to go. the fact that she was insisting they must go made him want to go even less. he had no desire to make small talk with strangers he would never again see just to be polite. but she insisted that patrick go, and she would soon find out that this would be the biggest mistake she could make in their relationship.
was it a whisper or was it the wind? he wasn't quite sure. he thought he heard a voice but at this moment all he could hear was the wind rustling the leaves of the trees all around him. he stopped and listened more intently to see if he could hear the voice again. nothing but the wind rustling the leaves could be heard. he was about to continue his walk when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and he quickly turned to see who it was. there was nobody there, but he heard the voice again.
cake or pie? i can tell a lot about you by which one you pick. it may seem silly, but cake people and pie people are really different. i know which one i hope you are, but that's not for me to decide. so, what is it? cake or pie? she reached her goal, exhausted. even more chilling to her was that the euphoria that she thought she'd feel upon reaching it wasn't there. something wasn't right. was this the only feeling she'd have for over five years of hard work?
the red line moved across the page. with each millimeter it advanced forward, something changed in the room. the actual change taking place was difficult to perceive, but the change was real. the red line continued relentlessly across the page and the room would never be the same.
debbie had taken george for granted for more than fifteen years now. he wasn't sure what exactly had made him choose this time and place to address the issue, but he decided that now was the time. he looked straight into her eyes and just as she was about to speak, turned away and walked out the door.
the trail to the left had a "danger; do not pass" sign telling people to take the trail to the right. this wasn't the way zeke approached his hiking. rather than a warning, zeke read the sign as an invitation to explore an area that would be adventurous and exciting. as the others in the group all shited to the right, zeke slipped past the danger sign to begin an adventure he would later regret.
the young man wanted a role model. he looked long and hard in his youth, but that role model never materialized. his only choice was to embrace all the people in his life he didn't want to be like.
it all started with a random letter. several of those were joined forces to create a random word. the words decided to get together and form a random sentence. they decided not to stop there and it wasn't long before a random paragraph had been cobbled together. the question was whether or not they could continue the momentum long enough to create a random short story.
nobody really understood kevin. it wasn't that he was super strange or difficult. it was more that there wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him. this was a shame as kevin had many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had. it was even more of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if kevin offered to give them the answers. so, kevin remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself.
the shades were closed keeping the room dark. peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower. nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day. he stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day.
the amber droplet hung from the branch, reaching fullness and ready to drop. it waited. while many of the other droplets were satisfied to form as big as they could and release, this droplet had other plans. it wanted to be part of history. it wanted to be remembered long after all the other droplets had dissolved into history. so it waited for the perfect specimen to fly by to trap and capture that it hoped would eventually be discovered hundreds of years in the future.
she counted. one. she could hear the steps coming closer. two. puffs of breath could be seen coming from his mouth. three. he stopped beside her. four. she pulled the trigger of the gun.
it was a simple green chair. there was nothing extraordinary about it or so it seemed. it was the type of chair one would pass without even noticing it was there, let alone what the actual color of it was. it was due to this common and unassuming appearance that few people actually stopped to sit in it and discover its magical powers.
it was the first day of the rest of her life. this wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward. although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing. her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend. she threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life.
he had done everything right. there had been no mistakes throughout the entire process. it had been perfection and he knew it without a doubt, but the results still stared back at him with the fact that he had lost.
then came the night of the first falling star. it was seen early in the morning, rushing over winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star. it seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him.
it was cloudy outside but not really raining. there was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella. this hadn't stopped sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it. it had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day. sarah used the umbrella to hide.
barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes. it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes. david had promised that he would be on time today. he never was, but he had promised this one time. she had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise. now she was paying the price.
her hair was a tangled mess which she tried to make presentable by putting in a lump on the top of her head. it didn't really work although it was a valiant attempt. while most people simply noticed the tangled mess on top of her head, what most people failed to understand that within the tangles mess was an entirely new year. that was her secret. she kept worlds on top of her head.
the coin hovered in the air, spinning over and over again. it reached its peak and began to descend. both boys were pleading with it to land a certain way but the coin had already made up its mind on what it was going to do.
she was infatuated with color. she didn't have a favorite color per se, but she did have a fondness for teals and sea greens. you could see it in the clothes she wore that color was an important part of her overall style. she took great pride that color flowed from her and that color was always all around her. that is why, she explained to her date sitting across the table, that she could never have a serious relationship with him due to the fact that he was colorblind.
it's always good to bring a slower friend with you on a hike. if you happen to come across bears, the whole group doesn't have to worry. only the slowest in the group do. that was the lesson they were about to learn that day.
he was after the truth. at least, that's what he told himself. he believed it, but any rational person on the outside could see he was lying to himself. it was apparent he was really only after his own truth that he'd already decided and was after this truth because the facts didn't line up with the truth he wanted. so he continued to tell everyone he was after the truth oblivious to the real truth sitting right in front of him.
"ingredients for life," said the backside of the truck. they mean food, but really food is only K ingredient of life. life has so many more ingredients such as pain, happiness, laughter, joy, tears, and smiles. life also has hard work, easy play, sleepless nights, and sunbathing by the ocean. love, hatred, envy, self-assurance, and fear could be just down aisle M ready to be bought when needed. how i wish i could pull ingredients like these off shelves in a store.
my pincher collar is snapped on. then comes the electric zapper collar. finally, my purple at-home collar is taken off and i know i'm going for a walk to the dog park. i'm so excited to see my friends. i hope spike or thunder are there already. they're the most fun to chase and tumble with. my human is pretty strict with me. i'm only allowed on the grass and not on the sidewalks. i think she's afraid i'm going to jump on the other humans. i don't understand why everyone else gets to jump on the benches and run wild on the sidewalks. they don't listen to their humans. i know i could ignore mine but if i do she may zap me and it's just not worth it. she probably wouldn't let me back at the dog park if i didn't listen to her. i just love the dog park.
the light was out on the front porch of the house. this was strange. judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever seen it out. she hopped out of her car and walked to the door. it was slightly ajar and she knew this meant something terrible. she gently pushed the door open and hall her fears were realized. "surprise; happy birthday;" everyone shouted.
it really shouldn't have mattered to betty. that's what she kept trying to convince herself even if she knew it mattered to betty more than practically anything else. why was she trying to convince herself otherwise? as she stepped forward to knock on betty's door, she still didn't have a convincing answer to this question that she'd been asking herself for more than two years now.
it was just a burger. why couldn't she understand that? she knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? she wasn't even supposed to have found out. yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger.
after hunting for several hours, we finally saw a large seal sunning itself on a flat rock. i took one of the wooden clubs while larry took the longer one. we slowly snuck up behind the seal until we were close enough to club it over its head. the seal slumped over and died. this seal would help us survive. we could eat the meat and fat. the fat could be burned in a shell for light and the fur could be used to make a blanket. we declared our first day of hunting a great success.
have you ever wondered about toes? why KJ toes and not KL. why are some bigger than others? some people can use their toes to pick up things while others can barely move them on command. some toes are nice to look at while others are definitely not something you want to look at. toes can be stubbed and make us scream. toes help us balance and walk. KJ toes are just something to ponder.
the house was located at the top of the hill at the end of a winding road. it wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed. they were just all too afraid to ever go and see it in person.
the paper was blank. it shouldn't have been. there should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more. the fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating. actually, it was even more than frustrating. it was downright distressing.
the boy walked down the street in a carefree way, playing without notice of what was about him. he didn't hear the sound of the car as his ball careened into the road. he took a step toward it, and in doing so sealed his fate.
"i'll talk to you tomorrow in more detail at our meeting, but i think i've found a solution to our problem. it's not exactly legal, but it won't land us in jail for the rest of our lives either. are you willing to take the chance?" monroe asked his partner over the phone.
"can i get you anything else?" david asked. it was a question he asked a hundred times a day and he always received the same answer. it had become such an ingrained part of his daily routine that he had to step back and actively think when he heard the little girl's reply. nobody had before answered the question the way that she did, and david didn't know how he should respond.
he stared out the window at the snowy field. he'd been stuck in the house for close to a month and his only view of the outside world was through the window. there wasn't much to see. it was mostly just the field with an occasional bird or small animal who ventured into the field. as he continued to stare out the window, he wondered how much longer he'd be shackled to the steel bar inside the house.
there wasn't a whole lot he could do at that moment. he played the situation again and again in his head looking at what he might have done differently to make the situation better. no matter how many times he relived the situation in his head, there was never really a good alternative course of action. there simply wasn't a whole lot he could have done in that particular moment.
was it a whisper or was it the wind? he wasn't quite sure. he thought he heard a voice but at this moment all he could hear was the wind rustling the leaves of the trees all around him. he stopped and listened more intently to see if he could hear the voice again. nothing but the wind rustling the leaves could be heard. he was about to continue his walk when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and he quickly turned to see who it was. there was nobody there, but he heard the voice again.
she looked at her student wondering if she could ever get through. "you need to learn to think for yourself," she wanted to tell him. "your friends are holding you back and bringing you down." but she didn't because she knew his friends were all that he had and even if that meant a life of misery, he would never give them up.
according to the caption on the bronze marker placed by the multnomah chapter of the daughters of the american revolution on may KL, KSMS, "college hall Bis, the oldest building in continuous use for educational purposes west of the rocky mountains. here were educated men and women who have won recognition throughout the world in all the learned professions."
cake or pie? i can tell a lot about you by which one you pick. it may seem silly, but cake people and pie people are really different. i know which one i hope you are, but that's not for me to decide. so, what is it? cake or pie?
he took a sip of the drink. he wasn't sure whether he liked it or not, but at this moment it didn't matter. she had made it especially for him so he would have forced it down even if he had absolutely hated it. that's simply the way things worked. she made him a new-fangled drink each day and he took a sip of it and smiled, saying it was excellent.
sometimes it just doesn't make sense. the man walking down the street in a banana suit. the llama standing in the middle of the road. the fairies dancing in front of the car window. the fact that all of this was actually happening and wasn't a dream.
i'm heading back to colorado tomorrow after being down in santa barbara over the weekend for the festival there. i will be making october plans once there and will try to arrange so i'm back here for the birthday if possible. i'll let you know as soon as i know the doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans.
turning away from the ledge, he started slowly down the mountain, deciding that he would, that very night, satisfy his curiosity about the man-house. in the meantime, he would go down into the canyon and get a cool drink, after which he would visit some berry patches just over the ridge, and explore among the foothills a bit before his nap-time, which always came just after the sun had walked past the middle of the sky. at that period of the day the sun's warm rays seemed to cast a sleepy spell over the silent mountainside, so all of the animals, with one accord, had decided it should be the hour for their mid-day sleep.
there was a time when this wouldn't have bothered her. the fact that it did actually bother her bothered her even more. what had changed in her life that such a small thing could annoy her so much for the entire day? she knew it was ridiculous that she even took notice of it, yet she was still obsessing over it as she tried to fall asleep.
there was nothing else to do. the deed had already been done and there was no going back. it now had been become a question of how they were going to be able to get out of this situation and escape.
i don't like cats and they don't like me. i used to be allergic to them and i would get stuffed up and have hives. that doesn't seem to happen anymore. but i still don't like them. i lived with M cats that were not good at peeing in the litter box. they seemed to find something important to me and pee on it. most of the time they peed on photographs or papers that would be ruined. cats also bring fleas into the house. there is nothing worse than having to flea dip cats and also flea bomb a home. that is why i don't like cats.
sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned. this had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it. he didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it. or at least he thought he had. all that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound.
it went through such rapid contortions that the little bear was forced to change his hold on it so many times he became confused in the darkness, and could not, for the life of him, tell whether he held the sheep right side up, or upside down. but that point was decided for him a moment later by the animal itself, who, with a sudden twist, jabbed its horns so hard into his lowest ribs that he gave a grunt of anger and disgust.
out of another, i get a lovely view of the bay and a little private wharf belonging to the estate. there is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house. i always fancy i see people walking in these numerous paths and arbors, but john has cautioned me not to give way to fancy in the least. he says that with my imaginative power and habit of story-making a nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all manner of excited fancies and that i ought to use my will and good sense to check the tendency. so i try.
stranded. yes, she was now the first person ever to land on venus, but that was of little consequence. her name would be read by millions in school as the first to land here, but that celebrity would never actually be seen by her. she looked at the control panel and knew there was nothing that would ever get it back into working order. she was the first and it was not clear this would also be her last. her mom had warned her. she had been warned time and again, but she had refused to believe her. she had done everything right and she knew she would be rewarded for doing so with the promotion. so when the promotion was given to her main rival, it not only stung, it threw her belief system into disarray. it was her first big lesson in life, but not the last.
they told her that this was her once chance to show the world what she was made of. she believed them at the time. it was the big stage and she knew the world would be there to see. the only one who had disagreed with this sentiment was her brother. he had told her that you don't show the world what you're made of when they are all watching, you show that in your actions when nobody was looking. it was looking more and more like her brother was correct.
her hair was a tangled mess which she tried to make presentable by putting in a lump on the top of her head. it didn't really work although it was a valiant attempt. while most people simply noticed the tangled mess on top of her head, what most people failed to understand that within the tangles mess was an entirely new year. that was her secret. she kept worlds on top of her head.
the light was out on the front porch of the house. this was strange. judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever seen it out. she hopped out of her car and walked to the door. it was slightly ajar and she knew this meant something terrible. she gently pushed the door open and hall her fears were realized. "surprise; happy birthday;" everyone shouted.
it had been a rough day. things hadn't gone as planned and that meant hannah got yelled at by her boss. it didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault. when things went wrong at work, hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances. it wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had.
the bridge spanning a KJJ-foot gully stood in front of him as the last obstacle blocking him from reaching his destination. while people may have called it a "bridge", the reality was it was nothing more than splintered wooden planks held together by rotting ropes. it was questionable whether it would hold the weight of a child, let alone the weight of a grown man. the problem was there was no other way across the gully, and this played into his calculations of whether or not it was worth the risk of trying to cross it.
it was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed. you want to look, but you don't at the same time. you're frozen with fear and unable to act. that's where she found herself and she didn't know what to do next
the red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox. it had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well. the other toys grumbled beneath. at one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box.
it's always good to bring a slower friend with you on a hike. if you happen to come across bears, the whole group doesn't have to worry. only the slowest in the group do. that was the lesson they were about to learn that day.
the lone lamp post of the one-street town flickered, not quite dead but definitely on its way out. suitcase by her side, she paid no heed to the light, the street or the town. a car was coming down the street and with her arm outstretched and thumb in the air, she had a plan.
there wasn't a whole lot he could do at that moment. he played the situation again and again in his head looking at what he might have done differently to make the situation better. no matter how many times he relived the situation in his head, there was never really a good alternative course of action. there simply wasn't a whole lot he could have done in that particular moment.
terrance knew that sometimes it was simply best to stay out of it. he kept repeating this to himself as he watched the scene unfold. he knew that nothing good would come of him getting involved. it was far better for him to stay on the sidelines and observe. he kept yelling this to himself inside his head as he walked over to the couple and punched the man in the face.
a two-inch layer of freshly fallen snow covered the yard. stacey peeked outside. to most, it would have been a beautiful sight worthy of taking a photo to put on instagram. for stacey, it meant something different. the first snow of the year brought back the witches as the fairies in the yard had to seek shelter to avoid the cold.
she's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore. the answers were always the same. well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense. a more accurate description was the answers never surprised her. so, she asked for the KJ,JJJth time, "what's your favorite animal?" but this time was different. when she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly.
it was difficult for him to admit he was wrong. he had been so certain that he was correct and the deeply held belief could never be shaken. yet the proof that he had been incorrect stood right before his eyes. "see daddy, i told you that they are real;" his daughter excitedly proclaimed.
waiting and watching. it was all she had done for the past weeks. when you're locked in a room with nothing but food and drink, that's about all you can do anyway. she watched as birds flew past the window bolted shut. she couldn't reach it if she wanted too, with that hole in the floor. she thought she could escape through it but three stories is a bit far down.
there was a reason for her shyness. everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better. she knew the exact moment that the shyness began. it had been that fateful moment at the lake. there are just some events that do that to you.
i haven't bailed on writing. look, i'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track. i am making an effort. i will start writing consistently again;
he watched as the young man tried to impress everyone in the room with his intelligence. there was no doubt that he was smart. the fact that he was more intelligent than anyone else in the room could have been easily deduced, but nobody was really paying any attention due to the fact that it was also obvious that the young man only cared about his intelligence.
the song came from the bathroom belting over the sound of the shower's running water. it was the same way each day began since he could remember. it listened intently and concluded that the singing today was as terrible as it had ever been.
marylou wore the tiara with pride. there was something that made doing anything she didn't really want to do a bit easier when she wore it. she really didn't care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment.
there was no ring on his finger. that was a good sign although far from proof that he was available. still, it was much better than if he had been wearing a wedding ring on his hand. she glanced at his hand a bit more intently to see if there were any tan lines where a ring may have been, and he's simply taken it off. she couldn't detect any which was also a good sign and a relief. the next step would be to get access to his wallet to see if there were any family photos in it.
she never liked cleaning the sink. it was beyond her comprehension how it got so dirty so quickly. it seemed that she was forced to clean it every other day. even when she was extra careful to keep things clean and orderly, it still ended up looking like a mess in a couple of days. what she didn't know was there was a tiny creature living in it that didn't like things neat.
i checked in for the night at out o the way motel. what a bad choice that was. first i took a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain. next, the towel rack fell down when i reached for the one small bath towel. this allowed the towel to fall halfway into the toilet. i tried to watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wouldn't stop scrolling through the channels. i gave up for the night and crawled into bed. i stretched out my leg and felt something furry by my foot. filled with fear, i reached down and to my surprise, i pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear. after my initial relief that it wasn't alive, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon skin briefs filled my brain. i jumped out of the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted towards my car.
she sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places. she paused and considered all that had happened. it hadn't gone as expected. when the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day's events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day.
his mother had always taught him not to ever think of himself as better than others. he'd tried to live by this motto. he never looked down on those who were less fortunate or who had less money than him. but the stupidity of the group of people he was talking to made him change his mind.
why do americans have so many different types of towels? we have beach towels, hand towels, bath towels, dish towels, camping towels, quick-dry towels, and let's not forget paper towels. would K type of towel work for each of these things? let's take a beach towel. it can be used to dry your hands and body with no difficulty. a beach towel could be used to dry dishes. just think how many dishes you could dry with one beach towel. i've used a beach towel with no adverse effects while camping. if you buy a thin beach towel it can dry quickly too. i'd probably cut up a beach towel to wipe down counters or for cleaning other items, but a full beach towel could be used too. is having so many types of towels an extravagant luxury that americans enjoy or is it necessary? i'd say it's overkill and we could cut down on the many types of towels that manufacturers deem necessary.
she was aware that things could go wrong. in fact, she had trained her entire life in anticipation that things would go wrong one day. she had quiet confidence as she started to see that this was the day that all her training would be worthwhile and useful. at this point, she had no idea just how wrong everything would go that day.
it was just a burger. why couldn't she understand that? she knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? she wasn't even supposed to have found out. yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger.
i love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as i begin to shape the log in front of me. the sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut i am making. the smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique. the water is sprayed out as i cut through the different layers of wood. a log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools. i have those hands and imagination. i use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object. that is why i enjoy turning wood.
twenty-five years dana had been waiting. she tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like. but today the opportunity had finally come. the thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen. she didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside.
don't forget that gifts often come with costs that go beyond their purchase price. when you purchase a child the latest smartphone, you're also committing to a monthly phone bill. when you purchase the latest gaming system, you're likely not going to be satisfied with the games that come with it for long and want to purchase new titles to play. when you buy gifts it's important to remember that some come with additional costs down the road that can be much more expensive than the initial gift itself.
it seemed like it should have been so simple. there was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. it was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case. the deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.
patricia's friend who was here hardly had any issues at all, but she wasn't telling the truth. yesterday, before she left to go home, she heard that her husband is in the hospital and pretended to be surprised. it later came out that she was the person who had put him there.
she has seen this scene before. it had come to her in dreams many times before. she had to pinch herself to make sure it wasn't a dream again. as her fingers squeezed against her arm, she felt the pain. it was this pain that immediately woke her up.
if you can imagine a furry humanoid seven feet tall, with the face of an intelligent gorilla and the braincase of a man, you'll have a rough idea of what they looked like -- except for their teeth. the canines would have fitted better in the face of a tiger, and showed at the corners of their wide, thin-lipped mouths, giving them an expression of ferocity.
i've rented a car in las vegas and have reserved a hotel in twentynine palms which is just north of joshua tree. we'll drive from las vegas through mojave national preserve and possibly do a short hike on our way down. then spend all day on monday at joshua tree. we can decide the next morning if we want to do more in joshua tree or mojave before we head back.
rhonda prided herself on always taking the path less traveled. she'd decided to do this at an early age and had continued to do so throughout her entire life. it was a point of pride and she would explain to anyone who would listen that doing so was something that she'd made great efforts to always do. she'd never questioned this decision until her five-year-old niece asked her, "so, is this why your life has been so difficult?" and rhonda didn't have an answer for her.
it had been a simple realization that had changed debra's life perspective. it was really so simple that she was embarrassed that she had lived the previous five years with the way she measured her worth. now that she saw what she had been doing, she could see how sad it was. that made her all the more relieved she had made the change. the number of hearts her instagram posts received wasn't any longer the indication of her own self-worth.
they rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need. there was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind. everything was thrown into the car and they sped off. thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all.
turning away from the ledge, he started slowly down the mountain, deciding that he would, that very night, satisfy his curiosity about the man-house. in the meantime, he would go down into the canyon and get a cool drink, after which he would visit some berry patches just over the ridge, and explore among the foothills a bit before his nap-time, which always came just after the sun had walked past the middle of the sky. at that period of the day the sun's warm rays seemed to cast a sleepy spell over the silent mountainside, so all of the animals, with one accord, had decided it should be the hour for their mid-day sleep.
sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned. this had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it. he didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it. or at least he thought he had. all that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound.
she had been an angel for coming up on KJ years and in all that time nobody had told her this was possible. the fact that it could ever happen never even entered her mind. yet there she stood, with the undeniable evidence sitting on the ground before her. angels could lose their wings.
it all started with the computer. had he known what was to follow, he would have never logged on that day. but the truth was there was no way to know what was about to happen. so dave pressed the start button, the computer booted up, the screen came alive, and everything dave knew to be true no longer was.
they argue. while the argument seems to be different the truth is it's always the same. yes, the topic may be different or the circumstances, but when all said and done, it all came back to the same thing. they both knew it, but neither has the courage or strength to address the underlying issue. so they continue to argue.
he dropped the ball. while most people would think that this was a metaphor of some type, in joe's case it was absolutely literal. he had hopes of reaching the major league and that dream was now it great jeopardy. all because he had dropped the ball.
the blinking light caught her attention. she thought about it a bit and couldn't remember ever noticing it before. that was strange since it was obvious the flashing light had been there for years. now she wondered how she missed it for that amount of time and what other things in her small town she had failed to notice.
the river slowly meandered through the open space. it had hidden secrets that it didn't want to reveal. it had a well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, and appealing. that's how the river lured her unknowing victims to her water's edge.
i'm heading back to colorado tomorrow after being down in santa barbara over the weekend for the festival there. i will be making october plans once there and will try to arrange so i'm back here for the birthday if possible. i'll let you know as soon as i know the doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans.
there was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe. all one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty. yet bob didn't see another option. he may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have. a choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly.


since they are still preserved in the rocks for us to see, they must have been formed quite recently, that is, geologically speaking. what can explain these striations and their common orientation? did you ever hear about the great ice age or the pleistocene epoch? less than one million years ago, in fact, some KL,JJJ years ago, an ice sheet many thousands of feet thick rode over burke mountain in a southeastward direction. the many boulders frozen to the underside of the ice sheet tended to scratch the rocks over which they rode. the scratches or striations seen in the park rocks were caused by these attached boulders. the ice sheet also plucked and rounded burke mountain into the shape it possesses today.
"ingredients for life," said the backside of the truck. they mean food, but really food is only K ingredient of life. life has so many more ingredients such as pain, happiness, laughter, joy, tears, and smiles. life also has hard work, easy play, sleepless nights, and sunbathing by the ocean. love, hatred, envy, self-assurance, and fear could be just down aisle M ready to be bought when needed. how i wish i could pull ingredients like these off shelves in a store.
it was just a burger. why couldn't she understand that? she knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? she wasn't even supposed to have found out. yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger.
it was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind. he'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped. there was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last.
she had a terrible habit o comparing her life to others. she realized that their life experiences were completely different than her own and that she saw only what they wanted her to see, but that didn't matter. she still compared herself and yearned for what she thought they had and she didn't.
time is all relative based on age and experience. when you are a child an hour is a long time to wait but a very short time when that's all the time you are allowed on your ipad. as a teenager time goes faster the more deadlines you have and the more you procrastinate. as a young adult, you think you have forever to live and don't appreciate the time you spend with others. as a middle-aged adult, time flies by as you watch your children grow up. and finally, as you get old and you have fewer responsibilities and fewer demands on you, time slows. you appreciate each day and are thankful you are alive. an hour is the same amount of time for everyone yet it can feel so different in how it goes by.
he stared out the window at the snowy field. he'd been stuck in the house for close to a month and his only view of the outside world was through the window. there wasn't much to see. it was mostly just the field with an occasional bird or small animal who ventured into the field. as he continued to stare out the window, he wondered how much longer he'd be shackled to the steel bar inside the house.
there was nothing else to do. the deed had already been done and there was no going back. it now had been become a question of how they were going to be able to get out of this situation and escape.
love isn't always a ray of sunshine. that's what the older girls kept telling her when she said she had found the perfect man. she had thought this was simply bitter talk on their part since they had been unable to find true love like hers. but now she had to face the fact that they may have been right. love may not always be a ray of sunshine. that is unless they were referring to how the sun can burn.
they told her that this was her once chance to show the world what she was made of. she believed them at the time. it was the big stage and she knew the world would be there to see. the only one who had disagreed with this sentiment was her brother. he had told her that you don't show the world what you're made of when they are all watching, you show that in your actions when nobody was looking. it was looking more and more like her brother was correct.
the trail to the left had a "danger; do not pass" sign telling people to take the trail to the right. this wasn't the way zeke approached his hiking. rather than a warning, zeke read the sign as an invitation to explore an area that would be adventurous and exciting. as the others in the group all shited to the right, zeke slipped past the danger sign to begin an adventure he would later regret.
there were two things that were important to tracey. the first was her dog. anyone that had ever met tracey knew how much she loved her dog. most would say that she treated it as her child. the dog went everywhere with her and it had been her best friend for the past five years. the second thing that was important to tracey, however, would be a lot more surprising to most people.
at that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider. "i could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." he tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent. it didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to.
the headphones were on. they had been utilized on purpose. she could hear her mom yelling in the background, but couldn't make out exactly what the yelling was about. that was exactly why she had put them on. she knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, and she could pretend that she hadn't heard any of the previous yelling.
the wolves stopped in their tracks, sizing up the mother and her cubs. it had been over a week since their last meal and they were getting desperate. the cubs would make a good meal, but there were high risks taking on the mother grizzly. a decision had to be made and the wrong choice could signal the end of the pack.
patricia's friend who was here hardly had any issues at all, but she wasn't telling the truth. yesterday, before she left to go home, she heard that her husband is in the hospital and pretended to be surprised. it later came out that she was the person who had put him there.
the kids were loud. they were way too loud for jerry, especially since this was a four-hour flight. the parents didn't seem to be able, or simply didn't want, to control them. they were yelling and fighting among themselves and it was impossible for any of the passengers to concentrate or rest. he thought about politely tapping on the parents' shoulders and asking them to try and get their kids under a bit more control, but before he did he came up with a better idea. sure, it was a bit sinister, and he'd probably end p in a lot of trouble, but he really didn't care at that point.
she didn't like the food. she never did. she made the usual complaints and started the tantrum he knew was coming. but this time was different. instead of trying to placate her and her unreasonable demands, he just stared at her and watched her meltdown without saying a word.
it was a good idea. at least, they all thought it was a good idea at the time. hindsight would reveal that in reality, it was an unbelievably terrible idea, but it would take another week for them to understand that. right now, at this very moment. they all agreed that it was the perfect course of action for the current situation.
she considered the birds to be her friends. she'd put out food for them each morning and then she'd watch as they came to the feeders to gorge themselves for the day. she wondered what they would do if something ever happened to her. would they miss the meals she provided if she failed to put out the food one morning?
he wandered down the stairs and into the basement. the damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air. a single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper. he inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over LO years. he was positive that this was the place he wanted to live.
he picked up the burnt end of the branch and made a mark on the stone. day OL if the marks on the stone were accurate. he couldn't be sure. day and nights had begun to blend together creating confusion, but he knew it was a long time. much too long.
life isn't always beautiful. that was a lesson that dan was learning. he also realized that life wasn't easy. this had come as a shock since he had lived a charmed life. he hated that this was the truth and he struggled to be happy knowing that his assumptions weren't correct. he wouldn't realize until much later in life that the difficult obstacles he was facing that were taking away the beauty in his life at this moment would ultimately make his life much more beautiful. all he knew was that at this moment was that life isn't always beautiful.
"it doesn't take much to touch someone's heart," daisy said with a smile on her face. "it's often just the little things you do that can change a person's day for the better." daisy truly believed this to be the way the world worked, but she didn't understand that she was merely a robot that had been programmed to believe this.
after hunting for several hours, we finally saw a large seal sunning itself on a flat rock. i took one of the wooden clubs while larry took the longer one. we slowly snuck up behind the seal until we were close enough to club it over its head. the seal slumped over and died. this seal would help us survive. we could eat the meat and fat. the fat could be burned in a shell for light and the fur could be used to make a blanket. we declared our first day of hunting a great success.
there was something beautiful in his hate. it wasn't the hate itself as it was a disgusting display of racism and intolerance. it was what propelled the hate and the fact that although he had this hate, he didn't understand where it came from. it was at that moment that she realized that there was hope in changing him.
was it a whisper or was it the wind? he wasn't quite sure. he thought he heard a voice but at this moment all he could hear was the wind rustling the leaves of the trees all around him. he stopped and listened more intently to see if he could hear the voice again. nothing but the wind rustling the leaves could be heard. he was about to continue his walk when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and he quickly turned to see who it was. there was nobody there, but he heard the voice again.
here's the thing. she doesn't have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway. that's just her character. she knows she doesn't have to, but she still will just to show you that she can. doubt her more and she'll prove she can again. we all already know this and you will too.
it had been a simple realization that had changed debra's life perspective. it was really so simple that she was embarrassed that she had lived the previous five years with the way she measured her worth. now that she saw what she had been doing, she could see how sad it was. that made her all the more relieved she had made the change. the number of hearts her instagram posts received wasn't any longer the indication of her own self-worth.
the coin hovered in the air, spinning over and over again. it reached its peak and began to descend. both boys were pleading with it to land a certain way but the coin had already made up its mind on what it was going to do.
colors bounced around in her head. they mixed and threaded themselves together. even colors that had no business being together. they were all one, yet distinctly separate at the same time. how was she going to explain this to the others?
the words hadn't flowed from his fingers for the past few weeks. he never imagined he'd find himself with writer's block, but here he sat with a blank screen in front of him. that blank screen taunting him day after day had started to play with his mind. he didn't understand why he couldn't even type a single word, just one to begin the process and build from there. and yet, he already knew that the eight hours he was prepared to sit in front of his computer today would end with the screen remaining blank.
how had she been so wrong? all her instincts and intuition completely failed her for the first time in her life. she had so heavily relied on both when making decisions up until this moment and she felt a seismic shift take place in her self-confidence. if she could be so completely wrong about something so simple as this, how could she make decisions about really important things taking place in her life? she wasn't sure what she should do next.
there was only one way to do things in the statton house. that one way was to do exactly what the father, charlie, demanded. he made the decisions and everyone else followed without question. that was until today.
there weren't supposed to be dragons flying in the sky. first and foremost, dragons didn't exist. they were mythical creatures from fantasy books like unicorns. this was something that pete knew in his heart to be true so he was having a difficult time acknowledging that there were actually fire-breathing dragons flying in the sky above him.
all he could think about was how it would all end. there was still a bit of uncertainty in the equation, but the basics were there for anyone to see. no matter how much he tried to see the positive, it wasn't anywhere to be seen. the end was coming and it wasn't going to be pretty.
he stepped away from the mic. this was the best take he had done so far, but something seemed missing. then it struck him all at once. visuals ran in front of his eyes and music rang in his ears. his eager fingers went to work in an attempt to capture his thoughts hoping the results would produce something that was at least half their glory.
it's not his fault. i know you're going to want to, but you can't blame him. he really has no idea how it happened. i kept trying to come up with excuses i could say to mom that would keep her calm when she found out what happened, but the more i tried, the more i could see none of them would work. he was going to get her wrath and there was nothing i could say to prevent it.
i guess we could discuss the implications of the phrase "meant to be." that is if we wanted to drown ourselves in a sea of backwardly referential semantics and other mumbo-jumbo. maybe such a discussion would result in the determination that "meant to be" is exactly as meaningless a phrase as it seems to be, and that none of us is actually meant to be doing anything at all. but that's my existential underpants underpinnings showing. it's the way the cookie crumbles. and now i want a cookie.
josh had spent year and year accumulating the information. he knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone looking for an expert in the field, josh would be the one to call. the problem was that there was nobody interested in the information besides him and he knew it. years of information painstakingly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving even an ounce of interest in the topic.
i love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as i begin to shape the log in front of me. the sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut i am making. the smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique. the water is sprayed out as i cut through the different layers of wood. a log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools. i have those hands and imagination. i use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object. that is why i enjoy turning wood.
there was a reason for her shyness. everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better. she knew the exact moment that the shyness began. it had been that fateful moment at the lake. there are just some events that do that to you.
sometimes it's simply better to ignore the haters. that's the lesson that tom's dad had been trying to teach him, but tom still couldn't let it go. he latched onto them and their hate and couldn't let it go, but he also realized that this wasn't healthy. that's when he came up with his devious plan.
there was a time and a place for stephanie to use her magic. the problem was that she had a difficult time determining this. she wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences. unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time.
benny was tired. not the normal every day tired from a hard day o work. the exhausted type of tired where you're surprised your body can even move. all he wanted to do was sit in front of the tv, put his feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer. the only issue was that he had forgotten where he lived.
it had become a far too common an event in her life. she has specifically placed the key to the box in a special place so that she wouldn't lose it and know exactly where it was when the key was needed. now that she needed to open the box, she had absolutely no idea where that special spot she placed the key might be.
it wasn't supposed to end that way. the plan had been meticulously thought out and practiced again and again. there was only one possible result once it had been implemented, but as they stood there the result wasn't anything close to what it should have been. they all blankly looked at each wondering how this could have happened. in their minds, they all began to blame the other members of the group as to why they had failed.
she put the pen to paper but she couldn't bring herself to actually write anything. she just stared at the blank card and wondered what words she could write that would help in even a small way. she thought of a dozen ways to begin but none seemed to do justice to the situation. there were no words that could help and she knew it.
as she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye. it wasn't so much its color or shape, but the way it was moving. she squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't help. as she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body. she felt like she should get up and run. if only she could make out what it was. at that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same.
sometimes there isn't a good answer. no matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense. and instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. why? it seemed like it should have been so simple. there was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. it was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case. the deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.
"it's never good to give them details," janice told her sister. "always be a little vague and keep them guessing." her sister listened intently and nodded in agreement. she didn't fully understand what her sister was saying but that didn't matter. she loved her so much that she would have agreed to whatever came out of her mouth.
"do not enter." the sign made it clear that they didn't want anyone around. that wasn't going to stop jack. jack always lived with the notion that signs were mere suggestions, not actually absolute rules. that's why the moment jack looked at the "do not enter" sign, he walked past it and onto their property.
josh had spent year and year accumulating the information. he knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone looking for an expert in the field, josh would be the one to call. the problem was that there was nobody interested in the information besides him and he knew it. years of information painstakingly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving even an ounce of interest in the topic.
turning away from the ledge, he started slowly down the mountain, deciding that he would, that very night, satisfy his curiosity about the man-house. in the meantime, he would go down into the canyon and get a cool drink, after which he would visit some berry patches just over the ridge, and explore among the foothills a bit before his nap-time, which always came just after the sun had walked past the middle of the sky. at that period of the day the sun's warm rays seemed to cast a sleepy spell over the silent mountainside, so all of the animals, with one accord, had decided it should be the hour for their mid-day sleep.
what if dogs were racist? would they care about fur color... "son, only play with other tan dogs"? or maybe it would depend on breed, "honey, only play with other german shepards, never poodles". better yet it could depend on occupation. "i'm a sled dog while you're only a running companion, leave me alone". maybe the neighborhood they live in could be the way they choose which dogs to associate with and which to shun? size could be the determining factor, "see how tall that dog is, they are probably dumb". luckily dogs don't discriminate. just watch at a dog park. big black and white dogs wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs. a service dog chases after the same ball as the off-duty police dog. so if dogs don't discriminate then why do we?
how had she been so wrong? all her instincts and intuition completely failed her for the first time in her life. she had so heavily relied on both when making decisions up until this moment and she felt a seismic shift take place in her self-confidence. if she could be so completely wrong about something so simple as this, how could she make decisions about really important things taking place in her life? she wasn't sure what she should do next.
he heard the loud impact before he ever saw the result. it had been so loud that it had actually made him jump back in his seat. as soon as he recovered from the surprise, he saw the crack in the windshield. it seemed to be an analogy of the current condition of his life.
there was only one way to do things in the statton house. that one way was to do exactly what the father, charlie, demanded. he made the decisions and everyone else followed without question. that was until today.
there were a variety of ways to win the game. james had played it long enough to know most of them and he could see what his opponent was trying to do. there was a simple counterattack that james could use and the game should be his. he began deploying it with the confidence of a veteran player who had been in this situation a thousand times in the past. so, it was with great surprise when his opponent used a move he had never before seen or anticipated to easily defeat him in the game.
dave found joy in the daily routine of life. he awoke at the same time, ate the same breakfast and drove the same commute. he worked at a job that never seemed to change and he got home at P pm sharp every night. it was who he had been for the last ten years and he had no idea that was all about to change.
betty was a creature of habit and she thought she liked it that way. that was until dave showed up in her life. she now had a choice to make and it would determine whether her lie remained the same or if it would change forever.
she had been an angel for coming up on KJ years and in all that time nobody had told her this was possible. the fact that it could ever happen never even entered her mind. yet there she stood, with the undeniable evidence sitting on the ground before her. angels could lose their wings.
twenty-five years dana had been waiting. she tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like. but today the opportunity had finally come. the thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen. she didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside.
the thing that's great about this job is the time sourcing the items involves no traveling. i just look online to buy it. it's really as simple as that. while everyone else is searching for what they can sell, i sit in front of my computer and buy better stuff for less money and spend a fraction of the time doing it.
it was a good idea. at least, they all thought it was a good idea at the time. hindsight would reveal that in reality, it was an unbelievably terrible idea, but it would take another week for them to understand that. right now, at this very moment. they all agreed that it was the perfect course of action for the current situation.
the tree missed the days the kids used to come by and play. it still wore the tire swing the kids had put up in its branches years ago although both the tire and the rope had seen better days. the tree had watched all the kids in the neighborhood grow up and leave, and it wondered if there would ever be a time when another child played and laughed again under its branches. that was the hope that the tree wished every day as the swing gently swung empty in the wind.
the irony of the situation hadn't escaped her. she had taken years to sculpt the perfect persona with the perfect look that she shared on instagram. she knew her hundreds of thousands of followers envied that life she showed and stayed engaged with her because they wanted that life too. the truth was that she wanted the perfect life she portrayed more than any of her fans. the fact was that despite all the perfection she shared on social media, her life was actually more of a mess than most.
the red glint of paint sparkled under the sun. he had dreamed of owning this car since he was ten, and that dream had become a reality less than a year ago. it was his baby and he spent hours caring for it, pampering it, and fondling over it. she knew this all too well, and that's exactly why she had taken a sludge hammer to it.
twenty-five hours had passed since the incident. it seemed to be a lot longer than that. that twenty-five hours seemed more like a week in her mind. the fact that she still was having trouble comprehending exactly what took place wasn't helping the matter. she thought if she could just get a little rest the entire incident might make a little more sense.
it was supposed to be a dream vacation. they had planned it over a year in advance so that it would be perfect in every way. it had been what they had been looking forward to through all the turmoil and negativity around them. it had been the light at the end of both their tunnels. now that the dream vacation was only a week away, the virus had stopped all air travel.
brock would have never dared to do it on his own he thought to himself. that is why kenneth and he had become such good friends. kenneth forced brock out of his comfort zone and made him try new things he'd never imagine doing otherwise. up to this point, this had been a good thing. it had expanded brock's experiences and given him a new appreciation for life. now that both of them were in the back of a police car, all brock could think was that he would have never dared do it except for the influence of kenneth.
no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened. it didn't even really make sense to him. all he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move. it was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene. he knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth.
there wasn't a whole lot more that could be done. it had become a wait-and-see situation with the final results no longer in her control. that didn't stop her from trying to control the situation. she demanded that things be done as she desperately tried to control what couldn't be.
"ingredients for life," said the backside of the truck. they mean food, but really food is only K ingredient of life. life has so many more ingredients such as pain, happiness, laughter, joy, tears, and smiles. life also has hard work, easy play, sleepless nights, and sunbathing by the ocean. love, hatred, envy, self-assurance, and fear could be just down aisle M ready to be bought when needed. how i wish i could pull ingredients like these off shelves in a store.
"i'll talk to you tomorrow in more detail at our meeting, but i think i've found a solution to our problem. it's not exactly legal, but it won't land us in jail for the rest of our lives either. are you willing to take the chance?" monroe asked his partner over the phone.
do you really listen when you are talking with someone? i have a friend who listens in an unforgiving way. she actually takes every word you say as being something important and when you have a friend that listens like that, words take on a whole new meaning.
the rain was coming. everyone thought this would be a good thing. it hadn't rained in months and the earth was dry as a bone. it wasn't a surprise that everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, but they never expected how much rain would actually arrive.
she has seen this scene before. it had come to her in dreams many times before. she had to pinch herself to make sure it wasn't a dream again. as her fingers squeezed against her arm, she felt the pain. it was this pain that immediately woke her up.
the song came from the bathroom belting over the sound of the shower's running water. it was the same way each day began since he could remember. it listened intently and concluded that the singing today was as terrible as it had ever been.
the alarm went off at exactly P:JJ am as it had every morning for the past five years. barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by ::JJ am. the day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change. in fact, it was going to change at exactly ::LM am.
it was difficult to explain to them how the diagnosis of certain death had actually given him life. while everyone around him was in tears and upset, he actually felt more at ease. the doctor said it would be less than a year. that gave him a year to live, something he'd failed to do with his daily drudgery of a routine that had passed as life until then.
there was a time and a place for stephanie to use her magic. the problem was that she had a difficult time determining this. she wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences. unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time.
twenty-five stars were neatly placed on the piece of paper. there was room for five more stars but they would be difficult ones to earn. it had taken years to earn the first twenty-five, and they were considered the "easy" ones.
he sat across from her trying to imagine it was the first time. it wasn't. had it been a hundred? it quite possibly could have been. two hundred? probably not. his mind wandered until he caught himself and again tried to imagine it was the first time.
it wasn't quite yet time to panic. there was still time to salvage the situation. at least that is what she was telling himself. the reality was that it was time to panic and there wasn't time to salvage the situation, but he continued to delude himself into believing there was.
as she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye. it wasn't so much its color or shape, but the way it was moving. she squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't help. as she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body. she felt like she should get up and run. if only she could make out what it was. at that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same.
it wasn't supposed to end that way. the plan had been meticulously thought out and practiced again and again. there was only one possible result once it had been implemented, but as they stood there the result wasn't anything close to what it should have been. they all blankly looked at each wondering how this could have happened. in their minds, they all began to blame the other members of the group as to why they had failed.
"are you getting my texts???" she texted to him. he glanced at it and chuckled under his breath. of course he was getting them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? he put the phone down and continued on his project. he was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so.
the wolves stopped in their tracks, sizing up the mother and her cubs. it had been over a week since their last meal and they were getting desperate. the cubs would make a good meal, but there were high risks taking on the mother grizzly. a decision had to be made and the wrong choice could signal the end of the pack.
he slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice he has especially chiseled off a larger block. he didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive than how he actually liked it. it was all about image and he'd managed to perfect the image that he wanted to project.
the bowl was filled with fruit. it seemed to be an overabundance of strawberries, but it also included blueberries, raspberries, grapes, and banana slices. this was the meal sarah had every morning to start her day since she could remember. why she decided to add chocolate as an option today was still a bit of a surprise, but she had been in the process of deciding she wanted to change her routine. this was a baby step to begin that start.
i'm going to hire professional help tomorrow. i can't handle this anymore. she fell over the coffee table and now there is blood in her catheter. this is much more than i ever signed up to do.
it was the best compliment that he'd ever received although the person who gave it likely never knew. it had been an off-hand observation on his ability to hold a conversation and actually add pertinent information to it on practically any topic. although he hadn't consciously strived to be able to do so, he'd started to voraciously read the news when he couldn't keep up on topics his friends discussed because their conversations went above his head. the fact that someone had noticed enough to compliment him that he could talk intelligently about many topics meant that he had succeeded in his quest to be better informed.
nobody really understood kevin. it wasn't that he was super strange or difficult. it was more that there wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him. this was a shame as kevin had many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had. it was even more of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if kevin offered to give them the answers. so, kevin remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself.
there was only half a worm in the apple. at first, judy didn't quite comprehend what this meant. "why would only half a worm be living in an apple?" she wondered. and then it dawned on her. judy quickly spit out the bite she had just taken expecting to see the other half of the worm. it ended up being much worse than that.
twenty seconds were all that was left and richard could hear each one tick by. fifteen seconds now remained and the panic began to fully set in. ten seconds and he wasn't sure he had enough time. five seconds, four, three, two, one...
rhonda prided herself on always taking the path less traveled. she'd decided to do this at an early age and had continued to do so throughout her entire life. it was a point of pride and she would explain to anyone who would listen that doing so was something that she'd made great efforts to always do. she'd never questioned this decision until her five-year-old niece asked her, "so, is this why your life has been so difficult?" and rhonda didn't have an answer for her.
he ordered his regular breakfast. two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two strips of bacon. he continued to look at the menu wondering if this would be the day he added something new. this was also part of the routine. a few seconds of hesitation to see if something else would be added to the order before demuring and saying that would be all. it was the same exact meal that he had ordered every day for the past two years.
she sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places. she paused and considered all that had happened. it hadn't gone as expected. when the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day's events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day. he took a sip of the drink. he wasn't sure whether he liked it or not, but at this moment it didn't matter. she had made it especially for him so he would have forced it down even if he had absolutely hated it. that's simply the way things worked. she made him a new-fangled drink each day and he took a sip of it and smiled, saying it was excellent.
the coin hovered in the air, spinning over and over again. it reached its peak and began to descend. both boys were pleading with it to land a certain way but the coin had already made up its mind on what it was going to do.
he walked down the steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secured as quickly as possible. bounding down the steps, he heard something behind him and quickly turned in a panic. there was nobody there but a pair of old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps he had just come down. had he past them without seeing them? it didn't seem possible. he was about to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled his body.
the trees, therefore, must be such old and primitive techniques that they thought nothing of them, deeming them so inconsequential that even savages like us would know of them and not be suspicious. at that, they probably didn't have too much time after they detected us orbiting and intending to land. and if that were true, there could be only one place where their civilization was hidden.
there was something special about this little creature. donna couldn't quite pinpoint what it was, but she knew with all her heart that it was true. it wasn't a matter of if she was going to try and save it, but a matter of how she was going to save it. she went back to the car to get a blanket and when she returned the creature was gone.
the opened package of potato chips held the answer to the mystery. both detectives looked at it but failed to realize it was the key to solve the crime. they passed by it assuming it was random trash ensuring that the case would never be solved.
the robot clicked disapprovingly, gurgled briefly inside its cubical interior and extruded a pony glass of brownish liquid. "sir, you will undoubtedly end up in a drunkard's grave, dead of hepatic cirrhosis," it informed me virtuously as it returned my id card. i glared as i pushed the glass across the table.
the light was out on the front porch of the house. this was strange. judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever seen it out. she hopped out of her car and walked to the door. it was slightly ajar and she knew this meant something terrible. she gently pushed the door open and hall her fears were realized. "surprise; happy birthday;" everyone shouted.
the piano sat silently in the corner of the room. nobody could remember the last time it had been played. the little girl walked up to it and hit a few of the keys. the sound of the piano rang throughout the house for the first time in years. in the upstairs room, confined to her bed, the owner of the house had tears in her eyes.
i haven't bailed on writing. look, i'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track. i am making an effort. i will start writing consistently again;
josh had spent year and year accumulating the information. he knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone looking for an expert in the field, josh would be the one to call. the problem was that there was nobody interested in the information besides him and he knew it. years of information painstakingly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving even an ounce of interest in the topic.
another option you have is choosing the number of syllables in the words you speak. you probably have never considered this option before, but you have it every time you open your mouth and speak. you make so many choices like this that you never even think about, but you have the choice with each one. what are you going to do with this knowledge?
he swung back the fishing pole and cast the line which ell LO feet away into the river. the lure landed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would soon get a bite. he never expected that the bite would come from behind in the form of a bear.
she didn't understand how changed worked. when she looked at today compared to yesterday, there was nothing that she could see that was different. yet, when she looked at today compared to last year, she couldn't see how anything was ever the same.
it's not his fault. i know you're going to want to, but you can't blame him. he really has no idea how it happened. i kept trying to come up with excuses i could say to mom that would keep her calm when she found out what happened, but the more i tried, the more i could see none of them would work. he was going to get her wrath and there was nothing i could say to prevent it.
at that moment, she realized that she had created her current life. it wasn't the life she wanted, but she took responsibility for how it currently stood. something clicked and she saw that every choice she made to this point in her life had led to where her life stood at this very moment even if she knew this wasn't where she wanted to be. she determined to choose to change it.
the irony of the situation hadn't escaped her. she had taken years to sculpt the perfect persona with the perfect look that she shared on instagram. she knew her hundreds of thousands of followers envied that life she showed and stayed engaged with her because they wanted that life too. the truth was that she wanted the perfect life she portrayed more than any of her fans. the fact was that despite all the perfection she shared on social media, her life was actually more of a mess than most.
she counted. one. she could hear the steps coming closer. two. puffs of breath could be seen coming from his mouth. three. he stopped beside her. four. she pulled the trigger of the gun.
colors bounced around in her head. they mixed and threaded themselves together. even colors that had no business being together. they were all one, yet distinctly separate at the same time. how was she going to explain this to the others?
the shoes had been there for as long as anyone could remember. in fact, it was difficult for anyone to come up with a date they had first appeared. it had seemed they'd always been there and yet they seemed so out of place. why nobody had removed them was a question that had been asked time and again, but while they all thought it, nobody had ever found the energy to actually do it. so, the shoes remained on the steps, out of place in one sense, but perfectly normal in another.
her breath exited her mouth in big puffs as if she were smoking a cigarette. the morning dew had made her clothes damp and she shivered from the chill in the air. there was only one thing that could get her up and out this early in the morning.
they had made it to las vegas, wide-eyed and with so much hope and energy. they had planned the trip for more than a year and both were so excited they could barely control themselves. they still hadn't realized that las vegas promised a place where dreams come true, it was actually the place where dreams came to die.
the rain was coming. everyone thought this would be a good thing. it hadn't rained in months and the earth was dry as a bone. it wasn't a surprise that everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, but they never expected how much rain would actually arrive.
the box sat on the desk next to the computer. it had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier. she didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been. as she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life.
she was aware that things could go wrong. in fact, she had trained her entire life in anticipation that things would go wrong one day. she had quiet confidence as she started to see that this was the day that all her training would be worthwhile and useful. at this point, she had no idea just how wrong everything would go that day.
they decided to find the end of the rainbow. while they hoped they would find a pot of gold, neither of them truly believed that the mythical pot would actually be there. nor did they believe they could actually find the end of the rainbow. still, it seemed like a fun activity for the day, and pictures of them chasing rainbows would look great on their instagram accounts. they would have never believed they would actually find the end of a rainbow, and when they did, what they actually found there.
housework could be everyone's work, not just "women's work". why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own. my friend's husband claimed he didn't know that sheets should be washed more than once a season. he said he didn't know one had to clean toilets. he assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves. she tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook. wouldn't it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is "just bad at it". my sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets. hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided.
cake or pie? i can tell a lot about you by which one you pick. it may seem silly, but cake people and pie people are really different. i know which one i hope you are, but that's not for me to decide. so, what is it? cake or pie?
things aren't going well at all with mom today. she is just a limp noodle and wants to sleep all the time. i sure hope that things get better soon.
she looked at her little girl who was about to become a teen. she tried to think back to when the girl had been younger but failed to pinpoint the exact moment when she had become a little too big to pick up and carry. it hit her all at once. she was no longer a little girl and she stood there speechless with fear, sadness, and pride all running through her at the same time.
at that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider. "i could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." he tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent. it didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to.
it was their first date and she had been looking forward to it the entire week. she had her eyes on him for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme with several friends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the hint and asked her out. after all the time and effort she'd invested into it, she never thought that it would be anything but wonderful. it goes without saying that things didn't work out quite as she expected.
all he wanted was a candy bar. it didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request. it might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face.
there were two things that were important to tracey. the first was her dog. anyone that had ever met tracey knew how much she loved her dog. most would say that she treated it as her child. the dog went everywhere with her and it had been her best friend for the past five years. the second thing that was important to tracey, however, would be a lot more surprising to most people.
there was no time. he ran out of the door without half the stuff he needed for work, but it didn't matter. he was late and if he didn't make this meeting on time, someone's life may be in danger.
it really shouldn't have mattered to betty. that's what she kept trying to convince herself even if she knew it mattered to betty more than practically anything else. why was she trying to convince herself otherwise? as she stepped forward to knock on betty's door, she still didn't have a convincing answer to this question that she'd been asking herself for more than two years now.
it wasn't that he hated her. it was simply that he didn't like her much. it was difficult for him to explain this to her, and even more difficult for her to truly understand. she was in love and wanted him to feel the same way. he didn't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her she refused to listen or to understand.
he collected the plastic trash on a daily basis. it never seemed to end. even if he cleaned the entire beach, more plastic would cover it the next day after the tide had come in. although it was a futile effort that would never be done, he continued to pick up the trash each day.
there was only half a worm in the apple. at first, judy didn't quite comprehend what this meant. "why would only half a worm be living in an apple?" she wondered. and then it dawned on her. judy quickly spit out the bite she had just taken expecting to see the other half of the worm. it ended up being much worse than that.
she tried to explain that love wasn't like pie. there wasn't a set number of slices to be given out. there wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another. that after a set amount was given out it would all disappear. she tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears.
it was cloudy outside but not really raining. there was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella. this hadn't stopped sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it. it had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day. sarah used the umbrella to hide.
she closed her eyes and then opened them again. what she was seeing just didn't make sense. she shook her head seeing if that would help. it didn't. although it seemed beyond reality, there was no denying she was witnessing a large formation of alien spaceships filling the sky.
stormi is a dog. she is dark grey and has long legs. her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking. her tongue is long, pink, and wet. her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies. she can be a good dog, but also very bad. her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad. stormi is a dog i love.
there was only one way to do things in the statton house. that one way was to do exactly what the father, charlie, demanded. he made the decisions and everyone else followed without question. that was until today.
the red line moved across the page. with each millimeter it advanced forward, something changed in the room. the actual change taking place was difficult to perceive, but the change was real. the red line continued relentlessly across the page and the room would never be the same.
the shades were closed keeping the room dark. peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower. nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day. he stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day.
twenty-five years dana had been waiting. she tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like. but today the opportunity had finally come. the thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen. she didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside.
benny was tired. not the normal every day tired from a hard day o work. the exhausted type of tired where you're surprised your body can even move. all he wanted to do was sit in front of the tv, put his feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer. the only issue was that he had forgotten where he lived.
my pincher collar is snapped on. then comes the electric zapper collar. finally, my purple at-home collar is taken off and i know i'm going for a walk to the dog park. i'm so excited to see my friends. i hope spike or thunder are there already. they're the most fun to chase and tumble with. my human is pretty strict with me. i'm only allowed on the grass and not on the sidewalks. i think she's afraid i'm going to jump on the other humans. i don't understand why everyone else gets to jump on the benches and run wild on the sidewalks. they don't listen to their humans. i know i could ignore mine but if i do she may zap me and it's just not worth it. she probably wouldn't let me back at the dog park if i didn't listen to her. i just love the dog park.
nobody really understood kevin. it wasn't that he was super strange or difficult. it was more that there wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him. this was a shame as kevin had many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had. it was even more of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if kevin offered to give them the answers. so, kevin remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself. she had come to the conclusion that you could tell a lot about a person by their ears. the way they stuck out and the size of the earlobes could give you wonderful insights into the person. of course, she couldn't scientifically prove any of this, but that didn't matter to her. before anything else, she would size up the ears of the person she was talking to.
it had been a simple realization that had changed debra's life perspective. it was really so simple that she was embarrassed that she had lived the previous five years with the way she measured her worth. now that she saw what she had been doing, she could see how sad it was. that made her all the more relieved she had made the change. the number of hearts her instagram posts received wasn't any longer the indication of her own self-worth.
to the two friends, the treehouse was much more than a treehouse. it was a sanctuary away from the other kids where they could be themselves without being teased or bullied. it was their secret fortress hidden high in the branches of a huge oak that only they knew existed. at least that is what they thought. they were more than a little annoyed when their two younger sisters decided to turn the treehouse into a princess castle by painting the inside pink and putting glitter everywhere.
brock would have never dared to do it on his own he thought to himself. that is why kenneth and he had become such good friends. kenneth forced brock out of his comfort zone and made him try new things he'd never imagine doing otherwise. up to this point, this had been a good thing. it had expanded brock's experiences and given him a new appreciation for life. now that both of them were in the back of a police car, all brock could think was that he would have never dared do it except for the influence of kenneth.
what were they eating? it didn't taste like anything she had ever eaten before and although she was famished, she didn't dare ask. she knew the answer would be one she didn't want to hear.
since they are still preserved in the rocks for us to see, they must have been formed quite recently, that is, geologically speaking. what can explain these striations and their common orientation? did you ever hear about the great ice age or the pleistocene epoch? less than one million years ago, in fact, some KL,JJJ years ago, an ice sheet many thousands of feet thick rode over burke mountain in a southeastward direction. the many boulders frozen to the underside of the ice sheet tended to scratch the rocks over which they rode. the scratches or striations seen in the park rocks were caused by these attached boulders. the ice sheet also plucked and rounded burke mountain into the shape it possesses today.
no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened. it didn't even really make sense to him. all he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move. it was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene. he knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth.
"i'll talk to you tomorrow in more detail at our meeting, but i think i've found a solution to our problem. it's not exactly legal, but it won't land us in jail for the rest of our lives either. are you willing to take the chance?" monroe asked his partner over the phone.
he heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears. although it was soft and calming, he was wary. it seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on. he wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap.
barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes. it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes. david had promised that he would be on time today. he never was, but he had promised this one time. she had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise. now she was paying the price.
the water rush down the wash and into the slot canyon below. two hikers had started the day to sunny weather without a cloud in the sky, but they hadn't thought to check the weather north of the canyon. huge thunderstorms had brought a deluge o rain and produced flash floods heading their way. the two hikers had no idea what was coming.
i haven't bailed on writing. look, i'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track. i am making an effort. i will start writing consistently again;
it all started with the computer. had he known what was to follow, he would have never logged on that day. but the truth was there was no way to know what was about to happen. so dave pressed the start button, the computer booted up, the screen came alive, and everything dave knew to be true no longer was.
sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned. this had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it. he didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it. or at least he thought he had. all that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound.
finding the red rose in the mailbox was a pleasant surprise for sarah. she didn't have a boyfriend or know of anyone who was interested in her as anything more than a friend. there wasn't even a note attached to it. although it was a complete mystery, it still made her heart jump and race a little more than usual. she wished that she could simply accept the gesture and be content knowing someone had given it to her, but that wasn't the way sarah did things. now it was time to do a little detective work and try to figure who had actually left the red rose.
it was cloudy outside but not really raining. there was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella. this hadn't stopped sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it. it had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day. sarah used the umbrella to hide.
april seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices. she looked at her bed and what a mess it had become. how did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night?
at that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider. "i could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." he tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent. it didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to.
the bridge spanning a KJJ-foot gully stood in front of him as the last obstacle blocking him from reaching his destination. while people may have called it a "bridge", the reality was it was nothing more than splintered wooden planks held together by rotting ropes. it was questionable whether it would hold the weight of a child, let alone the weight of a grown man. the problem was there was no other way across the gully, and this played into his calculations of whether or not it was worth the risk of trying to cross it.
"it's never good to give them details," janice told her sister. "always be a little vague and keep them guessing." her sister listened intently and nodded in agreement. she didn't fully understand what her sister was saying but that didn't matter. she loved her so much that she would have agreed to whatever came out of her mouth.
matt told her to reach for the stars, but veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received. sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it.
she didn't like the food. she never did. she made the usual complaints and started the tantrum he knew was coming. but this time was different. instead of trying to placate her and her unreasonable demands, he just stared at her and watched her meltdown without saying a word.
she sat deep in thought. the next word that came out o her mouth would likely be the most important word of her life. it had to be exact with no possibility of being misinterpreted. she was ready. she looked deeply into his eyes and said, "octopus."
the time had come for nancy to say goodbye. she had been dreading this moment for a good six months, and it had finally arrived despite her best efforts to forestall it. no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't keep the inevitable from happening. so the time had come for a normal person to say goodbye and move on. it was at this moment that nancy decided not to be a normal person. after all the time and effort she had expended, she couldn't bring herself to do it.
his mother had always taught him not to ever think of himself as better than others. he'd tried to live by this motto. he never looked down on those who were less fortunate or who had less money than him. but the stupidity of the group of people he was talking to made him change his mind.
he stepped away from the mic. this was the best take he had done so far, but something seemed missing. then it struck him all at once. visuals ran in front of his eyes and music rang in his ears. his eager fingers went to work in an attempt to capture his thoughts hoping the results would produce something that was at least half their glory.
sometimes that's just the way it has to be. sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind. it was done and that was that. it was just the way it had to be.
the red glint of paint sparkled under the sun. he had dreamed of owning this car since he was ten, and that dream had become a reality less than a year ago. it was his baby and he spent hours caring for it, pampering it, and fondling over it. she knew this all too well, and that's exactly why she had taken a sludge hammer to it.
they decided to find the end of the rainbow. while they hoped they would find a pot of gold, neither of them truly believed that the mythical pot would actually be there. nor did they believe they could actually find the end of the rainbow. still, it seemed like a fun activity for the day, and pictures of them chasing rainbows would look great on their instagram accounts. they would have never believed they would actually find the end of a rainbow, and when they did, what they actually found there.
if you can imagine a furry humanoid seven feet tall, with the face of an intelligent gorilla and the braincase of a man, you'll have a rough idea of what they looked like -- except for their teeth. the canines would have fitted better in the face of a tiger, and showed at the corners of their wide, thin-lipped mouths, giving them an expression of ferocity.
one can cook on and with an open fire. these are some of the ways to cook with fire outside. cooking meat using a spit is a great way to evenly cook meat. in order to keep meat from burning, it's best to slowly rotate it. hot stones can be used to toast bread. coals are hot and can bring things to a boil quickly. if one is very adventurous, one can make a hole in the ground, fill it with coals and place foil-covered meat, veggies, and potatoes into the coals, and cover all of it with dirt. in a short period of time, the food will be baked. campfire cooking can be done in many ways.
puppies are soft, cute, funny, and make a big mess. every month or two our family fosters P-KL week old puppies for a puppy rescue nonprofit organization. we all enjoy cuddling their furry bodies after a clean bath. fresh puppy smell is great. the puppies play with each other and our adult dog. they look so funny when they lay on top of each other and sleep. while puppies can be great fun, they also can make big messes. N-P puppies can make a lot of puppy pee and poop. it's a challenge to keep the puppies and the puppy pen clean.
she wanted rainbow hair. that's what she told the hairdresser. it should be deep rainbow colors, too. she wasn't interested in pastel rainbow hair. she wanted it deep and vibrant so there was no doubt that she had done this on purpose.
the headache wouldn't go away. she's taken medicine but even that didn't help. the monstrous throbbing in her head continued. she had this happen to her only once before in her life and she realized that only one thing could be happening.
it had been her dream for years but dana had failed to take any action toward making it come true. there had always been a good excuse to delay or prioritize another project. as she woke, she realized she was once again at a crossroads. would it be another excuse or would she finally find the courage to pursue her dream? dana rose and took her first step.
her hair was a tangled mess which she tried to make presentable by putting in a lump on the top of her head. it didn't really work although it was a valiant attempt. while most people simply noticed the tangled mess on top of her head, what most people failed to understand that within the tangles mess was an entirely new year. that was her secret. she kept worlds on top of her head.
the river slowly meandered through the open space. it had hidden secrets that it didn't want to reveal. it had a well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, and appealing. that's how the river lured her unknowing victims to her water's edge.
i'm meant to be writing at this moment. what i mean is, i'm meant to be writing something else at this moment. the document i'm meant to be writing is, of course, open in another program on my computer and is patiently awaiting my attention. yet here i am plonking down senseless sentiments in this paragraph because it's easier to do than to work on anything particularly meaningful. i am grateful for the distraction.
there was something special about this little creature. donna couldn't quite pinpoint what it was, but she knew with all her heart that it was true. it wasn't a matter of if she was going to try and save it, but a matter of how she was going to save it. she went back to the car to get a blanket and when she returned the creature was gone.
the shoes had been there for as long as anyone could remember. in fact, it was difficult for anyone to come up with a date they had first appeared. it had seemed they'd always been there and yet they seemed so out of place. why nobody had removed them was a question that had been asked time and again, but while they all thought it, nobody had ever found the energy to actually do it. so, the shoes remained on the steps, out of place in one sense, but perfectly normal in another.
hopes and dreams were dashed that day. it should have been expected, but it still came as a shock. the warning signs had been ignored in favor of the possibility, however remote, that it could actually happen. that possibility had grown from hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny. that was until it wasn't and the hopes and dreams came crashing down.
pink ponies and purple giraffes roamed the field. cotton candy grew from the ground as a chocolate river meandered off to the side. what looked like stones in the pasture were actually rock candy. everything in her dream seemed to be perfect except for the fact that she had no mouth.
he looked at the sand. picking up a handful, he wondered how many grains were in his hand. hundreds of thousands? "not enough," the said under his breath. i need more.
the words hadn't flowed from his fingers for the past few weeks. he never imagined he'd find himself with writer's block, but here he sat with a blank screen in front of him. that blank screen taunting him day after day had started to play with his mind. he didn't understand why he couldn't even type a single word, just one to begin the process and build from there. and yet, he already knew that the eight hours he was prepared to sit in front of his computer today would end with the screen remaining blank.
i recollect that my first exploit in squirrel-shooting was in a grove of tall walnut-trees that shades one side of the valley. i had wandered into it at noontime, when all nature is peculiarly quiet, and was startled by the roar of my own gun, as it broke the sabbath stillness around and was prolonged and reverberated by the angry echoes.
it was always the monday mornings. it never seemed to happen on tuesday morning, wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week. but it happened every monday morning like clockwork. he mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case.
cake or pie? i can tell a lot about you by which one you pick. it may seem silly, but cake people and pie people are really different. i know which one i hope you are, but that's not for me to decide. so, what is it? cake or pie?
the house was located at the top of the hill at the end of a winding road. it wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed. they were just all too afraid to ever go and see it in person.
she asked the question even though she didn't really want to hear the answer. it was a no-win situation since she already knew. if he told the truth, she'd get confirmation of her worst fears. if he lied, she'd know that he wasn't who she thought he was which would be almost as bad. yet she asked the question anyway and waited for his answer.
he heard the crack echo in the late afternoon about a mile away. his heart started racing and he bolted into a full sprint. "it wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeated under his breathlessness as he continued to sprint. they had no proof. he knew that they knew he had done it but they didn't have any proof. it was a huge distinction and it was the difference between him keeping his freedom or being locked away for decades. they continued to question him, probing him for information that they could use against him or find the proof they needed to put him away. he smiled and continued to block their every inquiry by feigning his innocence for a crime they all knew he committed.
the red glint of paint sparkled under the sun. he had dreamed of owning this car since he was ten, and that dream had become a reality less than a year ago. it was his baby and he spent hours caring for it, pampering it, and fondling over it. she knew this all too well, and that's exactly why she had taken a sludge hammer to it.
the leather jacked showed the scars of being his favorite for years. it wore those scars with pride, feeling that they enhanced his presence rather than diminishing it. the scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed to the point that it had become ratty. the jacket was in its prime and it knew it.
she sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places. she paused and considered all that had happened. it hadn't gone as expected. when the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day's events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day.
april seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices. she looked at her bed and what a mess it had become. how did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night?
all he wanted was a candy bar. it didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request. it might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face.
matt told her to reach for the stars, but veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received. sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it.
puppies are soft, cute, funny, and make a big mess. every month or two our family fosters P-KL week old puppies for a puppy rescue nonprofit organization. we all enjoy cuddling their furry bodies after a clean bath. fresh puppy smell is great. the puppies play with each other and our adult dog. they look so funny when they lay on top of each other and sleep. while puppies can be great fun, they also can make big messes. N-P puppies can make a lot of puppy pee and poop. it's a challenge to keep the puppies and the puppy pen clean.
brenda never wanted to be famous. while most of her friends dreamed about being famous, she could see the negative aspects that those who wanted to be famous seemed to ignore. the fact that you could never do anything in public without being mobbed and the complete lack of privacy was something that she never wanted to experience. she also had no desire to have strangers speculating about every aspect of her life and what each thing she did was supposed to mean. brenda was perfectly happy with her anonymous life where she could do exactly as she wanted without anyone else giving a damn. thus, her overnight internet celebrity was not something she was thrilled about as her friends told her how lucky she was.
there was only half a worm in the apple. at first, judy didn't quite comprehend what this meant. "why would only half a worm be living in an apple?" she wondered. and then it dawned on her. judy quickly spit out the bite she had just taken expecting to see the other half of the worm. it ended up being much worse than that.
trees. it was something about the trees. the way they swayed with the wind in unison. the way they shaded the area around them. the sounds of their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the branches as they sway, the trees were making a statement that i just couldn't understand.
peter always saw the world in black and white. there were two choices for every situation and you had to choose one of them. it was therefore terribly uncomfortable for him to spend time with ashley. she saw the world in shades of gray with hundreds of choices to choose from in every situation.
the headphones were on. they had been utilized on purpose. she could hear her mom yelling in the background, but couldn't make out exactly what the yelling was about. that was exactly why she had put them on. she knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, and she could pretend that she hadn't heard any of the previous yelling.
"explain to me again why i shouldn't cheat?" he asked. "all the others do and nobody ever gets punished for doing so. i should go about being happy losing to cheaters because i know that i don't? that's what you're telling me?"
"are you getting my texts???" she texted to him. he glanced at it and chuckled under his breath. of course he was getting them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? he put the phone down and continued on his project. he was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so.
there once lived an old man and an old woman who were peasants and had to work hard to earn their daily bread. the old man used to go to fix fences and do other odd jobs for the farmers around, and while he was gone the old woman, his wife, did the work of the house and worked in their own little plot of land.
you know that tingly feeling you get on the back of your neck sometimes? i just got that feeling when talking with her. you know i don't believe in sixth senses, but there is something not right with her. i don't know how i know, but i just do.
she tried to explain that love wasn't like pie. there wasn't a set number of slices to be given out. there wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another. that after a set amount was given out it would all disappear. she tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears.
her mom had warned her. she had been warned time and again, but she had refused to believe her. she had done everything right and she knew she would be rewarded for doing so with the promotion. so when the promotion was given to her main rival, it not only stung, it threw her belief system into disarray. it was her first big lesson in life, but not the last.
then came the night of the first falling star. it was seen early in the morning, rushing over winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star. it seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him.
the alarm went off and jake rose awake. rising early had become a daily ritual, one that he could not fully explain. from the outside, it was a wonder that he was able to get up so early each morning for someone who had absolutely no plans to be productive during the entire day.
he sat across from her trying to imagine it was the first time. it wasn't. had it been a hundred? it quite possibly could have been. two hundred? probably not. his mind wandered until he caught himself and again tried to imagine it was the first time.
what have you noticed today? i noticed that if you outline the eyes, nose, and mouth on your face with your finger, you make an "i" which makes perfect sense, but is something i never noticed before. what have you noticed today?
it had been her dream for years but dana had failed to take any action toward making it come true. there had always been a good excuse to delay or prioritize another project. as she woke, she realized she was once again at a crossroads. would it be another excuse or would she finally find the courage to pursue her dream? dana rose and took her first step.
she closed her eyes and then opened them again. what she was seeing just didn't make sense. she shook her head seeing if that would help. it didn't. although it seemed beyond reality, there was no denying she was witnessing a large formation of alien spaceships filling the sky.
the rain was coming. everyone thought this would be a good thing. it hadn't rained in months and the earth was dry as a bone. it wasn't a surprise that everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, but they never expected how much rain would actually arrive.
the wave roared towards them with speed and violence they had not anticipated. they both turned to run but by that time it was too late. the wave crashed into their legs sweeping both of them off of their feet. they now found themselves in a washing machine of saltwater, getting tumbled and not know what was up or down. both were scared, not knowing how this was going to end, but it was by far the best time of the trip thus far.
there wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention. it was the clouds. the deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these. she knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared.
since they are still preserved in the rocks for us to see, they must have been formed quite recently, that is, geologically speaking. what can explain these striations and their common orientation? did you ever hear about the great ice age or the pleistocene epoch? less than one million years ago, in fact, some KL,JJJ years ago, an ice sheet many thousands of feet thick rode over burke mountain in a southeastward direction. the many boulders frozen to the underside of the ice sheet tended to scratch the rocks over which they rode. the scratches or striations seen in the park rocks were caused by these attached boulders. the ice sheet also plucked and rounded burke mountain into the shape it possesses today.
there were a variety of ways to win the game. james had played it long enough to know most of them and he could see what his opponent was trying to do. there was a simple counterattack that james could use and the game should be his. he began deploying it with the confidence of a veteran player who had been in this situation a thousand times in the past. so, it was with great surprise when his opponent used a move he had never before seen or anticipated to easily defeat him in the game.
she was aware that things could go wrong. in fact, she had trained her entire life in anticipation that things would go wrong one day. she had quiet confidence as she started to see that this was the day that all her training would be worthwhile and useful. at this point, she had no idea just how wrong everything would go that day.
he slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice he has especially chiseled off a larger block. he didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive than how he actually liked it. it was all about image and he'd managed to perfect the image that he wanted to project.
josh had spent year and year accumulating the information. he knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone looking for an expert in the field, josh would be the one to call. the problem was that there was nobody interested in the information besides him and he knew it. years of information painstakingly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving even an ounce of interest in the topic.
eating raw fish didn't sound like a good idea. "it's a delicacy in japan," didn't seem to make it any more appetizing. raw fish is raw fish, delicacy or not.
he watched as the young man tried to impress everyone in the room with his intelligence. there was no doubt that he was smart. the fact that he was more intelligent than anyone else in the room could have been easily deduced, but nobody was really paying any attention due to the fact that it was also obvious that the young man only cared about his intelligence.
debbie had taken george for granted for more than fifteen years now. he wasn't sure what exactly had made him choose this time and place to address the issue, but he decided that now was the time. he looked straight into her eyes and just as she was about to speak, turned away and walked out the door.
there weren't supposed to be dragons flying in the sky. first and foremost, dragons didn't exist. they were mythical creatures from fantasy books like unicorns. this was something that pete knew in his heart to be true so he was having a difficult time acknowledging that there were actually fire-breathing dragons flying in the sky above him.
the time to take action was now. all three men knew in their hearts this was the case, yet none of them moved a muscle to try. they were all watching and waiting for one of the others to make the first move so they could follow a step or two behind and help. the situation demanded a leader and all three men were followers.
it had been a simple realization that had changed debra's life perspective. it was really so simple that she was embarrassed that she had lived the previous five years with the way she measured her worth. now that she saw what she had been doing, she could see how sad it was. that made her all the more relieved she had made the change. the number of hearts her instagram posts received wasn't any longer the indication of her own self-worth.
green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy. ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore. at least this was the way it was supposed to be. something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway.
stranded. yes, she was now the first person ever to land on venus, but that was of little consequence. her name would be read by millions in school as the first to land here, but that celebrity would never actually be seen by her. she looked at the control panel and knew there was nothing that would ever get it back into working order. she was the first and it was not clear this would also be her last.
here's the thing. she doesn't have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway. that's just her character. she knows she doesn't have to, but she still will just to show you that she can. doubt her more and she'll prove she can again. we all already know this and you will too.
the wave crashed and hit the sandcastle head-on. the sandcastle began to melt under the waves force and as the wave receded, half the sandcastle was gone. the next wave hit, not quite as strong, but still managed to cover the remains of the sandcastle and take more of it away. the third wave, a big one, crashed over the sandcastle completely covering and engulfing it. when it receded, there was no trace the sandcastle ever existed and hours of hard work disappeared forever.
it was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed. you want to look, but you don't at the same time. you're frozen with fear and unable to act. that's where she found herself and she didn't know what to do next
lori lived her life through the lens of a camera. she never realized this until this very moment as she scrolled through thousands of images on your computer. she could remember the exact moment each photo was taken. she could remember where she had been, what she was thinking as she tried to get the shot, the smells of the surrounding area, and even the emotions that she felt taking the photo, yet she had trouble remembering what she had for breakfast.
the house was located at the top of the hill at the end of a winding road. it wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed. they were just all too afraid to ever go and see it in person.
the bowl was filled with fruit. it seemed to be an overabundance of strawberries, but it also included blueberries, raspberries, grapes, and banana slices. this was the meal sarah had every morning to start her day since she could remember. why she decided to add chocolate as an option today was still a bit of a surprise, but she had been in the process of deciding she wanted to change her routine. this was a baby step to begin that start.
sarah watched the whirlpool mesmerized. she couldn't take her eyes off the water swirling around and around. she stuck in small twigs and leaves to watch the whirlpool catch them and then suck them down. it bothered her more than a little bit that this could also be used as a metaphor for her life.
she didn't understand how changed worked. when she looked at today compared to yesterday, there was nothing that she could see that was different. yet, when she looked at today compared to last year, she couldn't see how anything was ever the same.
"it was so great to hear from you today and it was such weird timing," he said. "this is going to sound funny and a little strange, but you were in a dream i had just a couple of days ago. i'd love to get together and tell you about it if you're up for a cup of coffee," he continued, laying the trap he'd been planning for years. you're going to make a choice today that will have a direct impact on where you are five years from now. the truth is, you'll make choice like that every day of your life. the problem is that on most days, you won't know the choice you make will have such a huge impact on your life in the future. so if you want to end up in a certain place in the future, you need to be careful of the choices you make today.
he couldn't remember exactly where he had read it, but he was sure that he had. the fact that she didn't believe him was quite frustrating as he began to search the internet to find the article. it wasn't as if it was something that seemed impossible. yet she insisted on always seeing the source whenever he stated a fact.
april seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices. she looked at her bed and what a mess it had become. how did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night?
he watched as the young man tried to impress everyone in the room with his intelligence. there was no doubt that he was smart. the fact that he was more intelligent than anyone else in the room could have been easily deduced, but nobody was really paying any attention due to the fact that it was also obvious that the young man only cared about his intelligence.
it wasn't supposed to end that way. the plan had been meticulously thought out and practiced again and again. there was only one possible result once it had been implemented, but as they stood there the result wasn't anything close to what it should have been. they all blankly looked at each wondering how this could have happened. in their minds, they all began to blame the other members of the group as to why they had failed.
it was a simple green chair. there was nothing extraordinary about it or so it seemed. it was the type of chair one would pass without even noticing it was there, let alone what the actual color of it was. it was due to this common and unassuming appearance that few people actually stopped to sit in it and discover its magical powers.
"what is the best way to get what you want?" she asked. he looked down at the ground knowing that she wouldn't like his answer. he hesitated, knowing that the truth would only hurt. how was he going to tell her that the best way for him to get what he wanted was to leave her?
the wave crashed and hit the sandcastle head-on. the sandcastle began to melt under the waves force and as the wave receded, half the sandcastle was gone. the next wave hit, not quite as strong, but still managed to cover the remains of the sandcastle and take more of it away. the third wave, a big one, crashed over the sandcastle completely covering and engulfing it. when it receded, there was no trace the sandcastle ever existed and hours of hard work disappeared forever.
finding the red rose in the mailbox was a pleasant surprise for sarah. she didn't have a boyfriend or know of anyone who was interested in her as anything more than a friend. there wasn't even a note attached to it. although it was a complete mystery, it still made her heart jump and race a little more than usual. she wished that she could simply accept the gesture and be content knowing someone had given it to her, but that wasn't the way sarah did things. now it was time to do a little detective work and try to figure who had actually left the red rose.
then came the night of the first falling star. it was seen early in the morning, rushing over winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star. it seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him.
what if dogs were racist? would they care about fur color.
.. "son, only play with other tan dogs"? or maybe it would depend on breed, "honey, only play with other german shepards, never poodles". better yet it could depend on occupation. "i'm a sled dog while you're only a running companion, leave me alone". maybe the neighborhood they live in could be the way they choose which dogs to associate with and which to shun? size could be the determining factor, "see how tall that dog is, they are probably dumb". luckily dogs don't discriminate. just watch at a dog park. big black and white dogs wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs. a service dog chases after the same ball as the off-duty police dog. so if dogs don't discriminate then why do we?
it's not his fault. i know you're going to want to, but you can't blame him. he really has no idea how it happened. i kept trying to come up with excuses i could say to mom that would keep her calm when she found out what happened, but the more i tried, the more i could see none of them would work. he was going to get her wrath and there was nothing i could say to prevent it.
love isn't always a ray of sunshine. that's what the older girls kept telling her when she said she had found the perfect man. she had thought this was simply bitter talk on their part since they had been unable to find true love like hers. but now she had to face the fact that they may have been right. love may not always be a ray of sunshine. that is unless they were referring to how the sun can burn.
she had come to the conclusion that you could tell a lot about a person by their ears. the way they stuck out and the size of the earlobes could give you wonderful insights into the person. of course, she couldn't scientifically prove any of this, but that didn't matter to her. before anything else, she would size up the ears of the person she was talking to.
her hand was balled into a fist with her keys protruding out from between her fingers. this was the weapon her father had shown her how to make when she walked alone to her car after work. she wished that she had something a little more potent than keys between her fingers. it would have been nice to have some mace or pepper spray. he had been meaning to buy some but had never gotten around to it. as the mother bear took another step forward with her cubs in tow, she knew her fist with keys wasn't going to be an adequate defense for this situation.
many people say that life isn't like a bed of roses. i beg to differ. i think that life is quite like a bed of roses. just like life, a bed of roses looks pretty on the outside, but when you're in it, you find that it is nothing but thorns and pain. i myself have been pricked quite badly.
sometimes that's just the way it has to be. sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind. it was done and that was that. it was just the way it had to be.
i recollect that my first exploit in squirrel-shooting was in a grove of tall walnut-trees that shades one side of the valley. i had wandered into it at noontime, when all nature is peculiarly quiet, and was startled by the roar of my own gun, as it broke the sabbath stillness around and was prolonged and reverberated by the angry echoes.
they had always called it the green river. it made sense. the river was green. the river likely had a different official name, but to everyone in town, it was and had always been the green river. so it was with great surprise that on this day the green river was a fluorescent pink.
it was hidden under the log beside the stream. it had been there for as long as jerry had been alive. he wasn't sure if anyone besides him and his friends knew of its existence. he knew that anyone could potentially find it, but it was well enough hidden that it seemed unlikely to happen. the fact that it had been there for more than MJ years attested to this. so it was quite a surprise when he found the item was missing.
i love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as i begin to shape the log in front of me. the sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut i am making. the smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique. the water is sprayed out as i cut through the different layers of wood. a log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools. i have those hands and imagination. i use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object. that is why i enjoy turning wood.
the desert wind blew the tumbleweed in front of the car. alex swerved to avoid the tumbleweed, but he turned the wheel a bit too strong and the car left the road and skidded onto the dirt median. he instantly slammed on the brakes and the car stopped in a cloud of dirt. when the dust cloud had settled and he could see around him again, he realized that he'd somehow crossed over into an entirely new dimension.
one can cook on and with an open fire. these are some of the ways to cook with fire outside. cooking meat using a spit is a great way to evenly cook meat. in order to keep meat from burning, it's best to slowly rotate it. hot stones can be used to toast bread. coals are hot and can bring things to a boil quickly. if one is very adventurous, one can make a hole in the ground, fill it with coals and place foil-covered meat, veggies, and potatoes into the coals, and cover all of it with dirt. in a short period of time, the food will be baked. campfire cooking can be done in many ways.
the kids were loud. they were way too loud for jerry, especially since this was a four-hour flight. the parents didn't seem to be able, or simply didn't want, to control them. they were yelling and fighting among themselves and it was impossible for any of the passengers to concentrate or rest. he thought about politely tapping on the parents' shoulders and asking them to try and get their kids under a bit more control, but before he did he came up with a better idea. sure, it was a bit sinister, and he'd probably end p in a lot of trouble, but he really didn't care at that point.
it was their first date and she had been looking forward to it the entire week. she had her eyes on him for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme with several friends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the hint and asked her out. after all the time and effort she'd invested into it, she never thought that it would be anything but wonderful. it goes without saying that things didn't work out quite as she expected.
he had done everything right. there had been no mistakes throughout the entire process. it had been perfection and he knew it without a doubt, but the results still stared back at him with the fact that he had lost.
sleep deprivation causes all sorts of challenges and problems. when one doesn't get enough sleep one's mind doesn't work clearly. studies have shown that after staying awake for LN hours one's ability to do simple math is greatly impaired. driving tired has been shown to be as bad as driving drunk. moods change, depression, anxiety, and mania can be induced by lack of sleep. as much as people try to do without enough sleep it is a wonder more crazy things don't happen in this world.
it seemed like it should have been so simple. there was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. it was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case. the deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.
it had been a late night. to be more correct, it had been an early morning. it was now M:JJ am and george was just getting home. he wasn't sure if it had been worth it. he was supposed to have been finished by KJ:JJ pm, but his boss had implored him to stay and help when it was clear they weren't going to meet the KJ:JJ pm target time. so, he had stayed an extra O hours and lost a good night's sleep for something he didn't really believe in, but he did anyway because he was afraid if he refused he might lose his job.
the shades were closed keeping the room dark. peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower. nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day. he stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day.
all he wanted was a candy bar. it didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request. it might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face.
there once lived an old man and an old woman who were peasants and had to work hard to earn their daily bread. the old man used to go to fix fences and do other odd jobs for the farmers around, and while he was gone the old woman, his wife, did the work of the house and worked in their own little plot of land.
it really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve. that's what he kept trying to convince himself. she was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome. he already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make. the question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve.
it was a simple tip of the hat. grace didn't think that anyone else besides her had even noticed it. it wasn't anything that the average person would notice, let alone remember at the end of the day. that's why it seemed so unbelievable that this little gesture would ultimately change the course of the world.
she counted. one. she could hear the steps coming closer. two. puffs of breath could be seen coming from his mouth. three. he stopped beside her. four. she pulled the trigger of the gun.
turning away from the ledge, he started slowly down the mountain, deciding that he would, that very night, satisfy his curiosity about the man-house. in the meantime, he would go down into the canyon and get a cool drink, after which he would visit some berry patches just over the ridge, and explore among the foothills a bit before his nap-time, which always came just after the sun had walked past the middle of the sky. at that period of the day the sun's warm rays seemed to cast a sleepy spell over the silent mountainside, so all of the animals, with one accord, had decided it should be the hour for their mid-day sleep.
terrance knew that sometimes it was simply best to stay out of it. he kept repeating this to himself as he watched the scene unfold. he knew that nothing good would come of him getting involved. it was far better for him to stay on the sidelines and observe. he kept yelling this to himself inside his head as he walked over to the couple and punched the man in the face.
brock would have never dared to do it on his own he thought to himself. that is why kenneth and he had become such good friends. kenneth forced brock out of his comfort zone and made him try new things he'd never imagine doing otherwise. up to this point, this had been a good thing. it had expanded brock's experiences and given him a new appreciation for life. now that both of them were in the back of a police car, all brock could think was that he would have never dared do it except for the influence of kenneth.
the tree missed the days the kids used to come by and play. it still wore the tire swing the kids had put up in its branches years ago although both the tire and the rope had seen better days. the tree had watched all the kids in the neighborhood grow up and leave, and it wondered if there would ever be a time when another child played and laughed again under its branches. that was the hope that the tree wished every day as the swing gently swung empty in the wind.
they had made it to las vegas, wide-eyed and with so much hope and energy. they had planned the trip for more than a year and both were so excited they could barely control themselves. they still hadn't realized that las vegas promised a place where dreams come true, it was actually the place where dreams came to die.
balloons are pretty and come in different colors, different shapes, different sizes, and they can even adjust sizes as needed. but don't make them too big or they might just pop, and then bye-bye balloon. it'll be gone and lost for the rest of mankind. they can serve a variety of purposes, from decorating to water balloon wars. you just have to use your head to think a little bit about what to do with them.
i recently discovered i could make fudge with just chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract, and a thick pot on slow heat. i tried it with dark chocolate chunks and i tried it with semi-sweet chocolate chips. it's better with both kinds. it comes out pretty bad with just the dark chocolate. the best add-ins are crushed almonds and marshmallows -- what you get from that is rocky road. it takes about twenty minutes from start to fridge, and then it takes about six months to work off the twenty pounds you gain from eating it. all things in moderation, friends. all things in moderation.
the box sat on the desk next to the computer. it had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier. she didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been. as she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life.
she tried to explain that love wasn't like pie. there wasn't a set number of slices to be given out. there wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another. that after a set amount was given out it would all disappear. she tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears.
things aren't going well at all with mom today. she is just a limp noodle and wants to sleep all the time. i sure hope that things get better soon.
the headphones were on. they had been utilized on purpose. she could hear her mom yelling in the background, but couldn't make out exactly what the yelling was about. that was exactly why she had put them on. she knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, and she could pretend that she hadn't heard any of the previous yelling.
don't be scared. the things out there that are unknown aren't scary in themselves. they are just unknown at the moment. take the time to know them before you list them as scary. then the world will be a much less scary place for you.
his parents continued to question him. he didn't know what to say to them since they refused to believe the truth. he explained again and again, and they dismissed his explanation as a figment of his imagination. there was no way that grandpa, who had been dead for five years, could have told him where the treasure had been hidden. of course, it didn't help that grandpa was roaring with laughter in the chair next to him as he tried to explain once again how he'd found it.
there was no time. he ran out of the door without half the stuff he needed for work, but it didn't matter. he was late and if he didn't make this meeting on time, someone's life may be in danger.
the amber droplet hung from the branch, reaching fullness and ready to drop. it waited. while many of the other droplets were satisfied to form as big as they could and release, this droplet had other plans. it wanted to be part of history. it wanted to be remembered long after all the other droplets had dissolved into history. so it waited for the perfect specimen to fly by to trap and capture that it hoped would eventually be discovered hundreds of years in the future. there weren't supposed to be dragons flying in the sky. first and foremost, dragons didn't exist. they were mythical creatures from fantasy books like unicorns. this was something that pete knew in his heart to be true so he was having a difficult time acknowledging that there were actually fire-breathing dragons flying in the sky above him.
he sat staring at the person in the train stopped at the station going in the opposite direction. she sat staring ahead, never noticing that she was being watched. both trains began to move and he knew that in another timeline or in another universe, they had been happy together.
at that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider. "i could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." he tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent. it didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to.
april seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices. she looked at her bed and what a mess it had become. how did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night?
dave watched as the forest burned up on the hill, only a few miles from her house. the car had been hastily packed and marta was inside trying to round up the last of the pets. dave went through his mental list of the most important papers and documents that they couldn't leave behind. he scolded himself for not having prepared these better in advance and hoped that he had remembered everything that was needed. he continued to wait for marta to appear with the pets, but she still was nowhere to be seen.
i recently discovered i could make fudge with just chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract, and a thick pot on slow heat. i tried it with dark chocolate chunks and i tried it with semi-sweet chocolate chips. it's better with both kinds. it comes out pretty bad with just the dark chocolate. the best add-ins are crushed almonds and marshmallows -- what you get from that is rocky road. it takes about twenty minutes from start to fridge, and then it takes about six months to work off the twenty pounds you gain from eating it. all things in moderation, friends. all things in moderation.
sometimes it's simply better to ignore the haters. that's the lesson that tom's dad had been trying to teach him, but tom still couldn't let it go. he latched onto them and their hate and couldn't let it go, but he also realized that this wasn't healthy. that's when he came up with his devious plan.
she tried not to judge him. his ratty clothes and unkempt hair made him look homeless. was he really the next einstein as she had been told? on the off chance it was true, she continued to try not to judge him.
she considered the birds to be her friends. she'd put out food for them each morning and then she'd watch as they came to the feeders to gorge themselves for the day. she wondered what they would do if something ever happened to her. would they miss the meals she provided if she failed to put out the food one morning?
he dropped the ball. while most people would think that this was a metaphor of some type, in joe's case it was absolutely literal. he had hopes of reaching the major league and that dream was now it great jeopardy. all because he had dropped the ball.
i'm going to hire professional help tomorrow. i can't handle this anymore. she fell over the coffee table and now there is blood in her catheter. this is much more than i ever signed up to do.
he walked down the steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secured as quickly as possible. bounding down the steps, he heard something behind him and quickly turned in a panic. there was nobody there but a pair of old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps he had just come down. had he past them without seeing them? it didn't seem possible. he was about to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled his body.
it was supposed to be a dream vacation. they had planned it over a year in advance so that it would be perfect in every way. it had been what they had been looking forward to through all the turmoil and negativity around them. it had been the light at the end of both their tunnels. now that the dream vacation was only a week away, the virus had stopped all air travel.
there are different types of secrets. she had held onto plenty of them during her life, but this one was different. she found herself holding onto the worst type. it was the type of secret that could gnaw away at your insides if you didn't tell someone about it, but it could end up getting you killed if you did.
greg understood that this situation would make michael terribly uncomfortable. michael simply had no idea what was about to come and even though greg could prevent it from happening, he opted to let it happen. it was quite ironic, really. it was something greg had said he would never wish upon anyone a million times, yet here he was knowingly letting it happen to one of his best friends. he rationalized that it would ultimately make michael a better person and that no matter how uncomfortable, everyone should experience racism at least once in their lifetime.
dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament. he ran through all the events that had lead to this current situation and it still didn't make sense. he wanted to spend some time to try and make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment. the first was how to get out of his current situation of being naked in a tree with snow falling all around and no way for him to get down.
he stared out the window at the snowy field. he'd been stuck in the house for close to a month and his only view of the outside world was through the window. there wasn't much to see. it was mostly just the field with an occasional bird or small animal who ventured into the field. as he continued to stare out the window, he wondered how much longer he'd be shackled to the steel bar inside the house.
brock would have never dared to do it on his own he thought to himself. that is why kenneth and he had become such good friends. kenneth forced brock out of his comfort zone and made him try new things he'd never imagine doing otherwise. up to this point, this had been a good thing. it had expanded brock's experiences and given him a new appreciation for life. now that both of them were in the back of a police car, all brock could think was that he would have never dared do it except for the influence of kenneth.
the wave crashed and hit the sandcastle head-on. the sandcastle began to melt under the waves force and as the wave receded, half the sandcastle was gone. the next wave hit, not quite as strong, but still managed to cover the remains of the sandcastle and take more of it away. the third wave, a big one, crashed over the sandcastle completely covering and engulfing it. when it receded, there was no trace the sandcastle ever existed and hours of hard work disappeared forever.
sometimes it just doesn't make sense. the man walking down the street in a banana suit. the llama standing in the middle of the road. the fairies dancing in front of the car window. the fact that all of this was actually happening and wasn't a dream.
the trail to the left had a "danger; do not pass" sign telling people to take the trail to the right. this wasn't the way zeke approached his hiking. rather than a warning, zeke read the sign as an invitation to explore an area that would be adventurous and exciting. as the others in the group all shited to the right, zeke slipped past the danger sign to begin an adventure he would later regret.
he had three simple rules by which he lived. the first was to never eat blue food. there was nothing in nature that was edible that was blue. people often asked about blueberries, but everyone knows those are actually purple. he understood it was one of the stranger rules to live by, but it had served him well thus far in the OJ. years of his life.
the bush began to shake. brad couldn't see what was causing it to shake, but he didn't care. he had a pretty good idea about what was going on and what was happening. he was so confident that he approached the bush carefree and with a smile on his face. that all changed the instant he realized what was actually behind the bush.
it probably seemed trivial to most people, but it mattered to tracey. she wasn't sure why it mattered so much to her, but she understood deep within her being that it mattered to her. so for the MPOth day in a row, tracey sat down to eat pancakes for breakfast.
the desert wind blew the tumbleweed in front of the car. alex swerved to avoid the tumbleweed, but he turned the wheel a bit too strong and the car left the road and skidded onto the dirt median. he instantly slammed on the brakes and the car stopped in a cloud of dirt. when the dust cloud had settled and he could see around him again, he realized that he'd somehow crossed over into an entirely new dimension.
sometimes that's just the way it has to be. sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind. it was done and that was that. it was just the way it had to be.
life isn't always beautiful. that was a lesson that dan was learning. he also realized that life wasn't easy. this had come as a shock since he had lived a charmed life. he hated that this was the truth and he struggled to be happy knowing that his assumptions weren't correct. he wouldn't realize until much later in life that the difficult obstacles he was facing that were taking away the beauty in his life at this moment would ultimately make his life much more beautiful. all he knew was that at this moment was that life isn't always beautiful.
it was just a burger. why couldn't she understand that? she knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? she wasn't even supposed to have found out. yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger.
there was something beautiful in his hate. it wasn't the hate itself as it was a disgusting display of racism and intolerance. it was what propelled the hate and the fact that although he had this hate, he didn't understand where it came from. it was at that moment that she realized that there was hope in changing him.
she counted. one. she could hear the steps coming closer. two. puffs of breath could be seen coming from his mouth. three. he stopped beside her. four. she pulled the trigger of the gun.
i've rented a car in las vegas and have reserved a hotel in twentynine palms which is just north of joshua tree. we'll drive from las vegas through mojave national preserve and possibly do a short hike on our way down. then spend all day on monday at joshua tree. we can decide the next morning if we want to do more in joshua tree or mojave before we head back.
there were about twenty people on the dam. most of them were simply walking and getting exercise. there were a few who were fishing. there was a family who had laid down a blanket and they were having a picnic. it was like this most days and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. the problem was that nobody noticed the water leaking through the dam wall.
they argue. while the argument seems to be different the truth is it's always the same. yes, the topic may be different or the circumstances, but when all said and done, it all came back to the same thing. they both knew it, but neither has the courage or strength to address the underlying issue. so they continue to argue.
the blinking light caught her attention. she thought about it a bit and couldn't remember ever noticing it before. that was strange since it was obvious the flashing light had been there for years. now she wondered how she missed it for that amount of time and what other things in her small town she had failed to notice.
she reached her goal, exhausted. even more chilling to her was that the euphoria that she thought she'd feel upon reaching it wasn't there. something wasn't right. was this the only feeling she'd have for over five years of hard work?
they told her that this was her once chance to show the world what she was made of. she believed them at the time. it was the big stage and she knew the world would be there to see. the only one who had disagreed with this sentiment was her brother. he had told her that you don't show the world what you're made of when they are all watching, you show that in your actions when nobody was looking. it was looking more and more like her brother was correct.
twenty-five stars were neatly placed on the piece of paper. there was room for five more stars but they would be difficult ones to earn. it had taken years to earn the first twenty-five, and they were considered the "easy" ones.
his parents continued to question him. he didn't know what to say to them since they refused to believe the truth. he explained again and again, and they dismissed his explanation as a figment of his imagination. there was no way that grandpa, who had been dead for five years, could have told him where the treasure had been hidden. of course, it didn't help that grandpa was roaring with laughter in the chair next to him as he tried to explain once again how he'd found it.
"are you getting my texts???" she texted to him. he glanced at it and chuckled under his breath. of course he was getting them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? he put the phone down and continued on his project. he was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so.
it wasn't quite yet time to panic. there was still time to salvage the situation. at least that is what she was telling himself. the reality was that it was time to panic and there wasn't time to salvage the situation, but he continued to delude himself into believing there was.
he had disappointed himself more than anyone else. that wasn't to say that he hadn't disappointed others. the fact was that he had disappointed a lot of people who were close to him. the fact that they were disappointed in him was something that made him even more disappointed in himself. yet here he was, about to do the exact same things that had caused all the disappointment in the first place because he didn't know what else to do.
it was a good idea. at least, they all thought it was a good idea at the time. hindsight would reveal that in reality, it was an unbelievably terrible idea, but it would take another week for them to understand that. right now, at this very moment. they all agreed that it was the perfect course of action for the current situation.
have you ever wondered about toes? why KJ toes and not KL. why are some bigger than others? some people can use their toes to pick up things while others can barely move them on command. some toes are nice to look at while others are definitely not something you want to look at. toes can be stubbed and make us scream. toes help us balance and walk. KJ toes are just something to ponder.
it seemed like it should have been so simple. there was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. it was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case. the deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.
betty decided to write a short story and she was sure it was going to be amazing. she had already written it in her head and each time she thought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowing how wonderful it would be. she could imagine the accolades coming in and the praise she would receive for creating such a wonderful piece. she was therefore extremely frustrated when she actually sat down to write the short story and the story that was so beautiful inside her head refused to come out that way on paper.
then came the night of the first falling star. it was seen early in the morning, rushing over winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star. it seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him.
sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned. this had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it. he didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it. or at least he thought he had. all that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound.
terrance knew that sometimes it was simply best to stay out of it. he kept repeating this to himself as he watched the scene unfold. he knew that nothing good would come of him getting involved. it was far better for him to stay on the sidelines and observe. he kept yelling this to himself inside his head as he walked over to the couple and punched the man in the face.
puppies are soft, cute, funny, and make a big mess. every month or two our family fosters P-KL week old puppies for a puppy rescue nonprofit organization. we all enjoy cuddling their furry bodies after a clean bath. fresh puppy smell is great. the puppies play with each other and our adult dog. they look so funny when they lay on top of each other and sleep. while puppies can be great fun, they also can make big messes. N-P puppies can make a lot of puppy pee and poop. it's a challenge to keep the puppies and the puppy pen clean.
sleep deprivation causes all sorts of challenges and problems. when one doesn't get enough sleep one's mind doesn't work clearly. studies have shown that after staying awake for LN hours one's ability to do simple math is greatly impaired. driving tired has been shown to be as bad as driving drunk. moods change, depression, anxiety, and mania can be induced by lack of sleep. as much as people try to do without enough sleep it is a wonder more crazy things don't happen in this world. the bowl was filled with fruit. it seemed to be an overabundance of strawberries, but it also included blueberries, raspberries, grapes, and banana slices. this was the meal sarah had every morning to start her day since she could remember. why she decided to add chocolate as an option today was still a bit of a surprise, but she had been in the process of deciding she wanted to change her routine. this was a baby step to begin that start.
i recollect that my first exploit in squirrel-shooting was in a grove of tall walnut-trees that shades one side of the valley. i had wandered into it at noontime, when all nature is peculiarly quiet, and was startled by the roar of my own gun, as it broke the sabbath stillness around and was prolonged and reverberated by the angry echoes.
barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes. it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes. david had promised that he would be on time today. he never was, but he had promised this one time. she had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise. now she was paying the price.
they rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need. there was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind. everything was thrown into the car and they sped off. thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all.
he walked down the steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secured as quickly as possible. bounding down the steps, he heard something behind him and quickly turned in a panic. there was nobody there but a pair of old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps he had just come down. had he past them without seeing them? it didn't seem possible. he was about to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled his body.
dave watched as the forest burned up on the hill, only a few miles from her house. the car had been hastily packed and marta was inside trying to round up the last of the pets. dave went through his mental list of the most important papers and documents that they couldn't leave behind. he scolded himself for not having prepared these better in advance and hoped that he had remembered everything that was needed. he continued to wait for marta to appear with the pets, but she still was nowhere to be seen.
i'm going to hire professional help tomorrow. i can't handle this anymore. she fell over the coffee table and now there is blood in her catheter. this is much more than i ever signed up to do.
the day had begun on a bright note. the sun finally peeked through the rain for the first time in a week, and the birds were singing in its warmth. there was no way to anticipate what was about to happen. it was a worst-case scenario and there was no way out of it.
there was no ring on his finger. that was a good sign although far from proof that he was available. still, it was much better than if he had been wearing a wedding ring on his hand. she glanced at his hand a bit more intently to see if there were any tan lines where a ring may have been, and he's simply taken it off. she couldn't detect any which was also a good sign and a relief. the next step would be to get access to his wallet to see if there were any family photos in it.
there were about twenty people on the dam. most of them were simply walking and getting exercise. there were a few who were fishing. there was a family who had laid down a blanket and they were having a picnic. it was like this most days and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. the problem was that nobody noticed the water leaking through the dam wall.
they needed to find a place to eat. the kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they didn't find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown. even knowing this, the solution wasn't easy. everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others. it seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown. yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly.
you're going to make a choice today that will have a direct impact on where you are five years from now. the truth is, you'll make choice like that every day of your life. the problem is that on most days, you won't know the choice you make will have such a huge impact on your life in the future. so if you want to end up in a certain place in the future, you need to be careful of the choices you make today.
here's the thing. she doesn't have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway. that's just her character. she knows she doesn't have to, but she still will just to show you that she can. doubt her more and she'll prove she can again. we all already know this and you will too.
hopes and dreams were dashed that day. it should have been expected, but it still came as a shock. the warning signs had been ignored in favor of the possibility, however remote, that it could actually happen. that possibility had grown from hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny. that was until it wasn't and the hopes and dreams came crashing down.
i guess we could discuss the implications of the phrase "meant to be." that is if we wanted to drown ourselves in a sea of backwardly referential semantics and other mumbo-jumbo. maybe such a discussion would result in the determination that "meant to be" is exactly as meaningless a phrase as it seems to be, and that none of us is actually meant to be doing anything at all. but that's my existential underpants underpinnings showing. it's the way the cookie crumbles. and now i want a cookie.
it was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind. he'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped. there was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last.
another option you have is choosing the number of syllables in the words you speak. you probably have never considered this option before, but you have it every time you open your mouth and speak. you make so many choices like this that you never even think about, but you have the choice with each one. what are you going to do with this knowledge?
patrick didn't want to go. the fact that she was insisting they must go made him want to go even less. he had no desire to make small talk with strangers he would never again see just to be polite. but she insisted that patrick go, and she would soon find out that this would be the biggest mistake she could make in their relationship.
sometimes that's just the way it has to be. sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind. it was done and that was that. it was just the way it had to be.
spending time at national parks can be an exciting adventure, but this wasn't the type of excitement she was hoping to experience. as she contemplated the situation she found herself in, she knew she'd gotten herself in a little more than she bargained for. it wasn't often that she found herself in a tree staring down at a pack of wolves that were looking to make her their next meal.
it really didn't matter what they did to him. he's already made up his mind. whatever came his way, he was prepared for the consequences. he knew in his heart that the sacrifice he made was done with love and not hate no matter how others decided to spin it.
i've rented a car in las vegas and have reserved a hotel in twentynine palms which is just north of joshua tree. we'll drive from las vegas through mojave national preserve and possibly do a short hike on our way down. then spend all day on monday at joshua tree. we can decide the next morning if we want to do more in joshua tree or mojave before we head back.
she had been told time and time again that the most important steps were the first and the last. it was something that she carried within her in everything she did, but then he showed up and disrupted everything. he told her that she had it wrong. the first step wasn't the most important. the last step wasn't the most important. it was the next step that was the most important.
sometimes there isn't a good answer. no matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense. and instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. why?
do you think you're living an ordinary life? you are so mistaken it's difficult to even explain. the mere fact that you exist makes you extraordinary. the odds of you existing are less than winning the lottery, but here you are. are you going to let this extraordinary opportunity pass?
the shoes had been there for as long as anyone could remember. in fact, it was difficult for anyone to come up with a date they had first appeared. it had seemed they'd always been there and yet they seemed so out of place. why nobody had removed them was a question that had been asked time and again, but while they all thought it, nobody had ever found the energy to actually do it. so, the shoes remained on the steps, out of place in one sense, but perfectly normal in another.
she looked at her student wondering if she could ever get through. "you need to learn to think for yourself," she wanted to tell him. "your friends are holding you back and bringing you down." but she didn't because she knew his friends were all that he had and even if that meant a life of misery, he would never give them up.
there were two things that were important to tracey. the first was her dog. anyone that had ever met tracey knew how much she loved her dog. most would say that she treated it as her child. the dog went everywhere with her and it had been her best friend for the past five years. the second thing that was important to tracey, however, would be a lot more surprising to most people.
don't forget that gifts often come with costs that go beyond their purchase price. when you purchase a child the latest smartphone, you're also committing to a monthly phone bill. when you purchase the latest gaming system, you're likely not going to be satisfied with the games that come with it for long and want to purchase new titles to play. when you buy gifts it's important to remember that some come with additional costs down the road that can be much more expensive than the initial gift itself.
there was a reason for her shyness. everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better. she knew the exact moment that the shyness began. it had been that fateful moment at the lake. there are just some events that do that to you.
the red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox. it had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well. the other toys grumbled beneath. at one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box.
although scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did. they had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something joe apologized for doing didn't really matter. scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as joe continued to apologize. scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same.
i'm meant to be writing at this moment. what i mean is, i'm meant to be writing something else at this moment. the document i'm meant to be writing is, of course, open in another program on my computer and is patiently awaiting my attention. yet here i am plonking down senseless sentiments in this paragraph because it's easier to do than to work on anything particularly meaningful. i am grateful for the distraction.
"can i get you anything else?" david asked. it was a question he asked a hundred times a day and he always received the same answer. it had become such an ingrained part of his daily routine that he had to step back and actively think when he heard the little girl's reply. nobody had before answered the question the way that she did, and david didn't know how he should respond.
i love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as i begin to shape the log in front of me. the sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut i am making. the smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique. the water is sprayed out as i cut through the different layers of wood. a log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools. i have those hands and imagination. i use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object. that is why i enjoy turning wood.
they had always called it the green river. it made sense. the river was green. the river likely had a different official name, but to everyone in town, it was and had always been the green river. so it was with great surprise that on this day the green river was a fluorescent pink.
she tried to explain that love wasn't like pie. there wasn't a set number of slices to be given out. there wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another. that after a set amount was given out it would all disappear. she tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears.
ten more steps. if he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move. he tried to will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain. ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it.
no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened. it didn't even really make sense to him. all he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move. it was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene. he knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth.
there was a time and a place for stephanie to use her magic. the problem was that she had a difficult time determining this. she wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences. unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time.
the computer wouldn't start. she banged on the side and tried again. nothing. she lifted it up and dropped it to the table. still nothing. she banged her closed fist against the top. it was at this moment she saw the irony of trying to fix the machine with violence.
twenty-five years dana had been waiting. she tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like. but today the opportunity had finally come. the thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen. she didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside.
dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament. he ran through all the events that had lead to this current situation and it still didn't make sense. he wanted to spend some time to try and make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment. the first was how to get out of his current situation of being naked in a tree with snow falling all around and no way for him to get down.
i'm heading back to colorado tomorrow after being down in santa barbara over the weekend for the festival there. i will be making october plans once there and will try to arrange so i'm back here for the birthday if possible. i'll let you know as soon as i know the doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans.
the chair sat in the corner where it had been for over LO years. the only difference was there was someone actually sitting in it. how long had it been since someone had done that? ten years or more he imagined. yet there was no denying the presence in the chair now.
how had she been so wrong? all her instincts and intuition completely failed her for the first time in her life. she had so heavily relied on both when making decisions up until this moment and she felt a seismic shift take place in her self-confidence. if she could be so completely wrong about something so simple as this, how could she make decisions about really important things taking place in her life? she wasn't sure what she should do next.
the red line moved across the page. with each millimeter it advanced forward, something changed in the room. the actual change taking place was difficult to perceive, but the change was real. the red line continued relentlessly across the page and the room would never be the same.
the house was located at the top of the hill at the end of a winding road. it wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed. they were just all too afraid to ever go and see it in person.
sometimes it's simply better to ignore the haters. that's the lesson that tom's dad had been trying to teach him, but tom still couldn't let it go. he latched onto them and their hate and couldn't let it go, but he also realized that this wasn't healthy. that's when he came up with his devious plan.
as she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye. it wasn't so much its color or shape, but the way it was moving. she squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't help. as she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body. she felt like she should get up and run. if only she could make out what it was. at that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same. a long black shadow slid across the pavement near their feet and the five venusians, very much startled, looked overhead. they were barely in time to see the huge gray form of the carnivore before it vanished behind a sign atop a nearby building which bore the mystifying information "pepsi-cola."
you know that tingly feeling you get on the back of your neck sometimes? i just got that feeling when talking with her. you know i don't believe in sixth senses, but there is something not right with her. i don't know how i know, but i just do.
sitting in the sun, away from everyone who had done him harm in the past, he quietly listened to those who roamed by. he felt at peace in the moment, hoping it would last, but knowing the reprieve would soon come to an end. he closed his eyes, the sun beating down on face and he smiled. he smiled for the first time in as long as he could remember.
although scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did. they had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something joe apologized for doing didn't really matter. scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as joe continued to apologize. scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same.
she was in a hurry. not the standard hurry when you're in a rush to get someplace, but a frantic hurry. the type of hurry where a few seconds could mean life or death. she raced down the road ignoring speed limits and weaving between cars. she was only a few minutes away when traffic came to a dead standstill on the road ahead.
it really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve. that's what he kept trying to convince himself. she was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome. he already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make. the question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve.
she looked at her student wondering if she could ever get through. "you need to learn to think for yourself," she wanted to tell him. "your friends are holding you back and bringing you down." but she didn't because she knew his friends were all that he had and even if that meant a life of misery, he would never give them up.
there are only three ways to make this work. the first is to let me take care of everything. the second is for you to take care of everything. the third is to split everything OJ I OJ. i think the last option is the most preferable, but i'm certain it'll also mean the end of our marriage.
the trees, therefore, must be such old and primitive techniques that they thought nothing of them, deeming them so inconsequential that even savages like us would know of them and not be suspicious. at that, they probably didn't have too much time after they detected us orbiting and intending to land. and if that were true, there could be only one place where their civilization was hidden.
dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament. he ran through all the events that had lead to this current situation and it still didn't make sense. he wanted to spend some time to try and make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment. the first was how to get out of his current situation of being naked in a tree with snow falling all around and no way for him to get down.
why do americans have so many different types of towels? we have beach towels, hand towels, bath towels, dish towels, camping towels, quick-dry towels, and let's not forget paper towels. would K type of towel work for each of these things? let's take a beach towel. it can be used to dry your hands and body with no difficulty. a beach towel could be used to dry dishes. just think how many dishes you could dry with one beach towel. i've used a beach towel with no adverse effects while camping. if you buy a thin beach towel it can dry quickly too. i'd probably cut up a beach towel to wipe down counters or for cleaning other items, but a full beach towel could be used too. is having so many types of towels an extravagant luxury that americans enjoy or is it necessary? i'd say it's overkill and we could cut down on the many types of towels that manufacturers deem necessary.
barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes. it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes. david had promised that he would be on time today. he never was, but he had promised this one time. she had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise. now she was paying the price.
there were about twenty people on the dam. most of them were simply walking and getting exercise. there were a few who were fishing. there was a family who had laid down a blanket and they were having a picnic. it was like this most days and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. the problem was that nobody noticed the water leaking through the dam wall.
it went through such rapid contortions that the little bear was forced to change his hold on it so many times he became confused in the darkness, and could not, for the life of him, tell whether he held the sheep right side up, or upside down. but that point was decided for him a moment later by the animal itself, who, with a sudden twist, jabbed its horns so hard into his lowest ribs that he gave a grunt of anger and disgust.
"it was so great to hear from you today and it was such weird timing," he said. "this is going to sound funny and a little strange, but you were in a dream i had just a couple of days ago. i'd love to get together and tell you about it if you're up for a cup of coffee," he continued, laying the trap he'd been planning for years.
"explain to me again why i shouldn't cheat?" he asked. "all the others do and nobody ever gets punished for doing so. i should go about being happy losing to cheaters because i know that i don't? that's what you're telling me?"
the boxed moved. that was a problem. peter had packed the box three hours before and there was nothing inside that should make it move. the question now was whether or not peter was going to open it up and look inside to see why it had moved. the answer to that question was obvious. peter dropped the package into the mailbox so he would never have to see it again.
the red line moved across the page. with each millimeter it advanced forward, something changed in the room. the actual change taking place was difficult to perceive, but the change was real. the red line continued relentlessly across the page and the room would never be the same.
a two-inch layer of freshly fallen snow covered the yard. stacey peeked outside. to most, it would have been a beautiful sight worthy of taking a photo to put on instagram. for stacey, it meant something different. the first snow of the year brought back the witches as the fairies in the yard had to seek shelter to avoid the cold.
he hid under the covers hoping that nobody would notice him there. it really didn't make much sense since it would be obvious to anyone who walked into the room there was someone hiding there, but he still held out hope. he heard footsteps coming down the hall and stop in front in front of the bedroom door. he heard the squeak of the door hinges and someone opened the bedroom door. he held his breath waiting for whoever was about to discover him, but they never did.
what have you noticed today? i noticed that if you outline the eyes, nose, and mouth on your face with your finger, you make an "i" which makes perfect sense, but is something i never noticed before. what have you noticed today?
they argue. while the argument seems to be different the truth is it's always the same. yes, the topic may be different or the circumstances, but when all said and done, it all came back to the same thing. they both knew it, but neither has the courage or strength to address the underlying issue. so they continue to argue.
april seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices. she looked at her bed and what a mess it had become. how did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night?
cake or pie? i can tell a lot about you by which one you pick. it may seem silly, but cake people and pie people are really different. i know which one i hope you are, but that's not for me to decide. so, what is it? cake or pie?
this is important to remember. love isn't like pie. you don't need to divide it among all your friends and loved ones. no matter how much love you give, you can always give more. it doesn't run out, so don't try to hold back giving it as if it may one day run out. give it freely and as much as you want.
there was a time when this wouldn't have bothered her. the fact that it did actually bother her bothered her even more. what had changed in her life that such a small thing could annoy her so much for the entire day? she knew it was ridiculous that she even took notice of it, yet she was still obsessing over it as she tried to fall asleep.
there had to be a better way. that's all nancy could think as she sat at her desk staring at her computer screen. she'd already spent five years of her life in this little cubicle staring at her computer doing "work" that didn't seem to matter to anyone including her own boss. there had to be more to her life than this and there had to be a better way to make a living. that's what she was thinking when the earthquake struck.
i haven't bailed on writing. look, i'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track. i am making an effort. i will start writing consistently again;
finding the truth wouldn't be easy, that's for sure. then there was the question of whether or not jane really wanted to know the truth. that's the thing that bothered her most. it wasn't the difficulty of actually finding out what happened that was the obstacle, but having to live with that information once it was found.
do you think you're living an ordinary life? you are so mistaken it's difficult to even explain. the mere fact that you exist makes you extraordinary. the odds of you existing are less than winning the lottery, but here you are. are you going to let this extraordinary opportunity pass?
then came the night of the first falling star. it was seen early in the morning, rushing over winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star. it seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him.
one dollar and eighty-seven cents. that was all. and sixty cents of it was in pennies. pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one's cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied. one dollar and eighty-seven cents. and the next day would be christmas...
debbie knew she was being selfish and unreasonable. she understood why the others in the room were angry and frustrated with her and the way she was acting. in her eyes, it didn't really matter how they felt because she simply didn't care.
since they are still preserved in the rocks for us to see, they must have been formed quite recently, that is, geologically speaking. what can explain these striations and their common orientation? did you ever hear about the great ice age or the pleistocene epoch? less than one million years ago, in fact, some KL,JJJ years ago, an ice sheet many thousands of feet thick rode over burke mountain in a southeastward direction. the many boulders frozen to the underside of the ice sheet tended to scratch the rocks over which they rode. the scratches or striations seen in the park rocks were caused by these attached boulders. the ice sheet also plucked and rounded burke mountain into the shape it possesses today.
there was something in the sky. what exactly was up there wasn't immediately clear. but there was definitely something in the sky and it was getting bigger and bigger.
she had come to the conclusion that you could tell a lot about a person by their ears. the way they stuck out and the size of the earlobes could give you wonderful insights into the person. of course, she couldn't scientifically prove any of this, but that didn't matter to her. before anything else, she would size up the ears of the person she was talking to.
the headache wouldn't go away. she's taken medicine but even that didn't help. the monstrous throbbing in her head continued. she had this happen to her only once before in her life and she realized that only one thing could be happening.
it wasn't that he hated her. it was simply that he didn't like her much. it was difficult for him to explain this to her, and even more difficult for her to truly understand. she was in love and wanted him to feel the same way. he didn't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her she refused to listen or to understand.
he ordered his regular breakfast. two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two strips of bacon. he continued to look at the menu wondering if this would be the day he added something new. this was also part of the routine. a few seconds of hesitation to see if something else would be added to the order before demuring and saying that would be all. it was the same exact meal that he had ordered every day for the past two years.
eating raw fish didn't sound like a good idea. "it's a delicacy in japan," didn't seem to make it any more appetizing. raw fish is raw fish, delicacy or not.
it was supposed to be a dream vacation. they had planned it over a year in advance so that it would be perfect in every way. it had been what they had been looking forward to through all the turmoil and negativity around them. it had been the light at the end of both their tunnels. now that the dream vacation was only a week away, the virus had stopped all air travel.
she wanted rainbow hair. that's what she told the hairdresser. it should be deep rainbow colors, too. she wasn't interested in pastel rainbow hair. she wanted it deep and vibrant so there was no doubt that she had done this on purpose.
he was aware there were numerous wonders of this world including the unexplained creations of humankind that showed the wonder of our ingenuity. there are huge heads on easter island. there are the egyptian pyramids. there's stonehenge. but he now stood in front of a newly discovered monument that simply didn't make any sense and he wondered how he was ever going to be able to explain it.
wandering down the path to the pond had become a daily routine. even when the weather wasn't cooperating like today with the wind and rain, jerry still took the morning stroll down the path until he reached the pond. although there didn't seem to be a particular reason jerry did this to anyone looking in from the outside, those who knew him well knew exactly what was going on. it could all be traced back to a specific incident that happened exactly O years previously.
sometimes there isn't a good answer. no matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense. and instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. why?
he picked up the burnt end of the branch and made a mark on the stone. day OL if the marks on the stone were accurate. he couldn't be sure. day and nights had begun to blend together creating confusion, but he knew it was a long time. much too long.
he heard the crack echo in the late afternoon about a mile away. his heart started racing and he bolted into a full sprint. "it wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeated under his breathlessness as he continued to sprint.
i don't like cats and they don't like me. i used to be allergic to them and i would get stuffed up and have hives. that doesn't seem to happen anymore. but i still don't like them. i lived with M cats that were not good at peeing in the litter box. they seemed to find something important to me and pee on it. most of the time they peed on photographs or papers that would be ruined. cats also bring fleas into the house. there is nothing worse than having to flea dip cats and also flea bomb a home. that is why i don't like cats.
brenda never wanted to be famous. while most of her friends dreamed about being famous, she could see the negative aspects that those who wanted to be famous seemed to ignore. the fact that you could never do anything in public without being mobbed and the complete lack of privacy was something that she never wanted to experience. she also had no desire to have strangers speculating about every aspect of her life and what each thing she did was supposed to mean. brenda was perfectly happy with her anonymous life where she could do exactly as she wanted without anyone else giving a damn. thus, her overnight internet celebrity was not something she was thrilled about as her friends told her how lucky she was.
sometimes it just doesn't make sense. the man walking down the street in a banana suit. the llama standing in the middle of the road. the fairies dancing in front of the car window. the fact that all of this was actually happening and wasn't a dream. i love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as i begin to shape the log in front of me. the sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut i am making. the smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique. the water is sprayed out as i cut through the different layers of wood. a log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools. i have those hands and imagination. i use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object. that is why i enjoy turning wood.
don't forget that gifts often come with costs that go beyond their purchase price. when you purchase a child the latest smartphone, you're also committing to a monthly phone bill. when you purchase the latest gaming system, you're likely not going to be satisfied with the games that come with it for long and want to purchase new titles to play. when you buy gifts it's important to remember that some come with additional costs down the road that can be much more expensive than the initial gift itself.
there was a time when this wouldn't have bothered her. the fact that it did actually bother her bothered her even more. what had changed in her life that such a small thing could annoy her so much for the entire day? she knew it was ridiculous that she even took notice of it, yet she was still obsessing over it as she tried to fall asleep.
he watched as the young man tried to impress everyone in the room with his intelligence. there was no doubt that he was smart. the fact that he was more intelligent than anyone else in the room could have been easily deduced, but nobody was really paying any attention due to the fact that it was also obvious that the young man only cared about his intelligence.
she considered the birds to be her friends. she'd put out food for them each morning and then she'd watch as they came to the feeders to gorge themselves for the day. she wondered what they would do if something ever happened to her. would they miss the meals she provided if she failed to put out the food one morning?
the house was located at the top of the hill at the end of a winding road. it wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed. they were just all too afraid to ever go and see it in person.
"are you getting my texts???" she texted to him. he glanced at it and chuckled under his breath. of course he was getting them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? he put the phone down and continued on his project. he was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so.
"it's never good to give them details," janice told her sister. "always be a little vague and keep them guessing." her sister listened intently and nodded in agreement. she didn't fully understand what her sister was saying but that didn't matter. she loved her so much that she would have agreed to whatever came out of her mouth.
the leather jacked showed the scars of being his favorite for years. it wore those scars with pride, feeling that they enhanced his presence rather than diminishing it. the scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed to the point that it had become ratty. the jacket was in its prime and it knew it.
the opened package of potato chips held the answer to the mystery. both detectives looked at it but failed to realize it was the key to solve the crime. they passed by it assuming it was random trash ensuring that the case would never be solved.
she had been an angel for coming up on KJ years and in all that time nobody had told her this was possible. the fact that it could ever happen never even entered her mind. yet there she stood, with the undeniable evidence sitting on the ground before her. angels could lose their wings.
the box sat on the desk next to the computer. it had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier. she didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been. as she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life.
what was beyond the bend in the stream was unknown. both were curious, but only one was brave enough to want to explore. that was the problem. there was always one that let fear rule her life.
she reached her goal, exhausted. even more chilling to her was that the euphoria that she thought she'd feel upon reaching it wasn't there. something wasn't right. was this the only feeling she'd have for over five years of hard work?
i recently discovered i could make fudge with just chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract, and a thick pot on slow heat. i tried it with dark chocolate chunks and i tried it with semi-sweet chocolate chips. it's better with both kinds. it comes out pretty bad with just the dark chocolate. the best add-ins are crushed almonds and marshmallows -- what you get from that is rocky road. it takes about twenty minutes from start to fridge, and then it takes about six months to work off the twenty pounds you gain from eating it. all things in moderation, friends. all things in moderation.
dave found joy in the daily routine of life. he awoke at the same time, ate the same breakfast and drove the same commute. he worked at a job that never seemed to change and he got home at P pm sharp every night. it was who he had been for the last ten years and he had no idea that was all about to change.
it wasn't supposed to end that way. the plan had been meticulously thought out and practiced again and again. there was only one possible result once it had been implemented, but as they stood there the result wasn't anything close to what it should have been. they all blankly looked at each wondering how this could have happened. in their minds, they all began to blame the other members of the group as to why they had failed.
the chair sat in the corner where it had been for over LO years. the only difference was there was someone actually sitting in it. how long had it been since someone had done that? ten years or more he imagined. yet there was no denying the presence in the chair now.
she nervously peered over the edge. she understood in her mind that the view was supposed to be beautiful, but all she felt was fear. there had always been something about heights that disturbed her, and now she could feel the full force of this unease. she reluctantly crept a little closer with the encouragement of her friends as the fear continued to build. she couldn't help but feel that something horrible was about to happen.
welcome to my world. you will be greeted by the unexpected here and your mind will be challenged and expanded in ways that you never thought possible. that is if you are able to survive...
the picket fence had stood for years without any issue. that's all it was. a simple, white, picket fence. why it had all of a sudden become a lightning rod within the community was still unbelievable to most. yet a community that had once lived in harmony was now divided in bitter hatred and it had everything to do with the white picket fence.
the bush began to shake. brad couldn't see what was causing it to shake, but he didn't care. he had a pretty good idea about what was going on and what was happening. he was so confident that he approached the bush carefree and with a smile on his face. that all changed the instant he realized what was actually behind the bush.
it was a question of which of the two she preferred. on the one hand, the choice seemed simple. the more expensive one with a brand name would be the choice of most. it was the easy choice. the safe choice. but she wasn't sure she actually preferred it.
trees. it was something about the trees. the way they swayed with the wind in unison. the way they shaded the area around them. the sounds of their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the branches as they sway, the trees were making a statement that i just couldn't understand.
josh had spent year and year accumulating the information. he knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone looking for an expert in the field, josh would be the one to call. the problem was that there was nobody interested in the information besides him and he knew it. years of information painstakingly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving even an ounce of interest in the topic.
lori lived her life through the lens of a camera. she never realized this until this very moment as she scrolled through thousands of images on your computer. she could remember the exact moment each photo was taken. she could remember where she had been, what she was thinking as she tried to get the shot, the smells of the surrounding area, and even the emotions that she felt taking the photo, yet she had trouble remembering what she had for breakfast.
the shades were closed keeping the room dark. peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower. nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day. he stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day.
do you really listen when you are talking with someone? i have a friend who listens in an unforgiving way. she actually takes every word you say as being something important and when you have a friend that listens like that, words take on a whole new meaning.
the boxed moved. that was a problem. peter had packed the box three hours before and there was nothing inside that should make it move. the question now was whether or not peter was going to open it up and look inside to see why it had moved. the answer to that question was obvious. peter dropped the package into the mailbox so he would never have to see it again.
she glanced up into the sky to watch the clouds taking shape. first, she saw a dog. next, it was an elephant. finally, she saw a giant umbrella and at that moment the rain began to pour.
"explain to me again why i shouldn't cheat?" he asked. "all the others do and nobody ever gets punished for doing so. i should go about being happy losing to cheaters because i know that i don't? that's what you're telling me?"
he swung back the fishing pole and cast the line which ell LO feet away into the river. the lure landed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would soon get a bite. he never expected that the bite would come from behind in the form of a bear.
the coin hovered in the air, spinning over and over again. it reached its peak and began to descend. both boys were pleading with it to land a certain way but the coin had already made up its mind on what it was going to do.
there are only three ways to make this work. the first is to let me take care of everything. the second is for you to take care of everything. the third is to split everything OJ I OJ. i think the last option is the most preferable, but i'm certain it'll also mean the end of our marriage.
it had been a rough day. things hadn't gone as planned and that meant hannah got yelled at by her boss. it didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault. when things went wrong at work, hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances. it wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had.
there was a time and a place for stephanie to use her magic. the problem was that she had a difficult time determining this. she wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences. unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time.
the answer was within her reach. it was hidden in a box and now that box sat directly in front of her. she'd spent years searching for it and could hardly believe she'd finally managed to find it. she turned the key to unlock the box and then gently lifted the top. she held her breath in anticipation of finally knowing the answer she had spent so much of her time in search of. as the lid came off she could see that the box was empty.
how had she been so wrong? all her instincts and intuition completely failed her for the first time in her life. she had so heavily relied on both when making decisions up until this moment and she felt a seismic shift take place in her self-confidence. if she could be so completely wrong about something so simple as this, how could she make decisions about really important things taking place in her life? she wasn't sure what she should do next.
to the two friends, the treehouse was much more than a treehouse. it was a sanctuary away from the other kids where they could be themselves without being teased or bullied. it was their secret fortress hidden high in the branches of a huge oak that only they knew existed. at least that is what they thought. they were more than a little annoyed when their two younger sisters decided to turn the treehouse into a princess castle by painting the inside pink and putting glitter everywhere.
her hair was a tangled mess which she tried to make presentable by putting in a lump on the top of her head. it didn't really work although it was a valiant attempt. while most people simply noticed the tangled mess on top of her head, what most people failed to understand that within the tangles mess was an entirely new year. that was her secret. she kept worlds on top of her head.
she's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore. the answers were always the same. well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense. a more accurate description was the answers never surprised her. so, she asked for the KJ,JJJth time, "what's your favorite animal?" but this time was different. when she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly.
ten more steps. if he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move. he tried to will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain. ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it.
i'm meant to be writing at this moment. what i mean is, i'm meant to be writing something else at this moment. the document i'm meant to be writing is, of course, open in another program on my computer and is patiently awaiting my attention. yet here i am plonking down senseless sentiments in this paragraph because it's easier to do than to work on anything particularly meaningful. i am grateful for the distraction.
the fog was as thick as pea soup. this was a problem. gary was driving but couldn't see a thing in front of him. he knew he should stop, but the road was narrow so if he did, it would be right in the center of the road. he was sure that another car would end up rear-ending him, so he continued forward despite the lack of visibility. this was an unwise move.
they had no proof. he knew that they knew he had done it but they didn't have any proof. it was a huge distinction and it was the difference between him keeping his freedom or being locked away for decades. they continued to question him, probing him for information that they could use against him or find the proof they needed to put him away. he smiled and continued to block their every inquiry by feigning his innocence for a crime they all knew he committed.
the headphones were on. they had been utilized on purpose. she could hear her mom yelling in the background, but couldn't make out exactly what the yelling was about. that was exactly why she had put them on. she knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, and she could pretend that she hadn't heard any of the previous yelling.
sometimes there isn't a good answer. no matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense. and instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. why?
matt told her to reach for the stars, but veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received. sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it.
she wondered if the note had reached him. she scolded herself for not handing it to him in person. she trusted her friend, but so much could happen. she waited impatiently for word.
"what is the best way to get what you want?" she asked. he looked down at the ground knowing that she wouldn't like his answer. he hesitated, knowing that the truth would only hurt. how was he going to tell her that the best way for him to get what he wanted was to leave her? it really shouldn't have mattered to betty. that's what she kept trying to convince herself even if she knew it mattered to betty more than practically anything else. why was she trying to convince herself otherwise? as she stepped forward to knock on betty's door, she still didn't have a convincing answer to this question that she'd been asking herself for more than two years now.
she never liked cleaning the sink. it was beyond her comprehension how it got so dirty so quickly. it seemed that she was forced to clean it every other day. even when she was extra careful to keep things clean and orderly, it still ended up looking like a mess in a couple of days. what she didn't know was there was a tiny creature living in it that didn't like things neat.
the words hadn't flowed from his fingers for the past few weeks. he never imagined he'd find himself with writer's block, but here he sat with a blank screen in front of him. that blank screen taunting him day after day had started to play with his mind. he didn't understand why he couldn't even type a single word, just one to begin the process and build from there. and yet, he already knew that the eight hours he was prepared to sit in front of his computer today would end with the screen remaining blank.
she looked at her student wondering if she could ever get through. "you need to learn to think for yourself," she wanted to tell him. "your friends are holding you back and bringing you down." but she didn't because she knew his friends were all that he had and even if that meant a life of misery, he would never give them up.
the shades were closed keeping the room dark. peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower. nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day. he stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day.
he collected the plastic trash on a daily basis. it never seemed to end. even if he cleaned the entire beach, more plastic would cover it the next day after the tide had come in. although it was a futile effort that would never be done, he continued to pick up the trash each day.
where do they get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate button. do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? at that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same.
the trail to the left had a "danger; do not pass" sign telling people to take the trail to the right. this wasn't the way zeke approached his hiking. rather than a warning, zeke read the sign as an invitation to explore an area that would be adventurous and exciting. as the others in the group all shited to the right, zeke slipped past the danger sign to begin an adventure he would later regret.
i recently discovered i could make fudge with just chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract, and a thick pot on slow heat. i tried it with dark chocolate chunks and i tried it with semi-sweet chocolate chips. it's better with both kinds. it comes out pretty bad with just the dark chocolate. the best add-ins are crushed almonds and marshmallows -- what you get from that is rocky road. it takes about twenty minutes from start to fridge, and then it takes about six months to work off the twenty pounds you gain from eating it. all things in moderation, friends. all things in moderation.
indescribable oppression, which seemed to generate in some unfamiliar part of her consciousness, filled her whole being with a vague anguish. it was like a shadow, like a mist passing across her soul's summer day. it was strange and unfamiliarU it was a mood. she did not sit there inwardly upbraiding her husband, lamenting at fate, which had directed her footsteps to the path which they had taken. she was just having a good cry all to herself. the mosquitoes made merry over her, biting her firm, round arms and nipping at her bare insteps.
one can cook on and with an open fire. these are some of the ways to cook with fire outside. cooking meat using a spit is a great way to evenly cook meat. in order to keep meat from burning, it's best to slowly rotate it. hot stones can be used to toast bread. coals are hot and can bring things to a boil quickly. if one is very adventurous, one can make a hole in the ground, fill it with coals and place foil-covered meat, veggies, and potatoes into the coals, and cover all of it with dirt. in a short period of time, the food will be baked. campfire cooking can be done in many ways.
the amber droplet hung from the branch, reaching fullness and ready to drop. it waited. while many of the other droplets were satisfied to form as big as they could and release, this droplet had other plans. it wanted to be part of history. it wanted to be remembered long after all the other droplets had dissolved into history. so it waited for the perfect specimen to fly by to trap and capture that it hoped would eventually be discovered hundreds of years in the future.
my pincher collar is snapped on. then comes the electric zapper collar. finally, my purple at-home collar is taken off and i know i'm going for a walk to the dog park. i'm so excited to see my friends. i hope spike or thunder are there already. they're the most fun to chase and tumble with. my human is pretty strict with me. i'm only allowed on the grass and not on the sidewalks. i think she's afraid i'm going to jump on the other humans. i don't understand why everyone else gets to jump on the benches and run wild on the sidewalks. they don't listen to their humans. i know i could ignore mine but if i do she may zap me and it's just not worth it. she probably wouldn't let me back at the dog park if i didn't listen to her. i just love the dog park.
you're going to make a choice today that will have a direct impact on where you are five years from now. the truth is, you'll make choice like that every day of your life. the problem is that on most days, you won't know the choice you make will have such a huge impact on your life in the future. so if you want to end up in a certain place in the future, you need to be careful of the choices you make today.
the red glow of tail lights indicating another long drive home from work after an even longer LN-hour shift at the hospital. the shift hadn't been horrible but the constant stream of patients entering the er meant there was no downtime. she had some of the "regulars" in tonight with new ailments they were sure were going to kill them. it's amazing what a couple of tylenol and a physical exam from the doctor did to eliminate their pain, nausea, headache, or whatever other mild symptoms they had. sometimes she wondered if all they really needed was some interaction with others and a bit of the individual attention they received from the nurses.
it was difficult to explain to them how the diagnosis of certain death had actually given him life. while everyone around him was in tears and upset, he actually felt more at ease. the doctor said it would be less than a year. that gave him a year to live, something he'd failed to do with his daily drudgery of a routine that had passed as life until then.
there was nothing else to do. the deed had already been done and there was no going back. it now had been become a question of how they were going to be able to get out of this situation and escape.
"so, what do you think?" he asked nervously. he wanted to know the answer, but at the same time, he didn't. he'd put his heart and soul into the project and he wasn't sure he'd be able to recover if they didn't like what he produced. the silence from the others in the room seemed to last a lifetime even though it had only been a moment since he asked the question. "so, what do you think?" he asked again.
he slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice he has especially chiseled off a larger block. he didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive than how he actually liked it. it was all about image and he'd managed to perfect the image that he wanted to project.
sitting in the sun, away from everyone who had done him harm in the past, he quietly listened to those who roamed by. he felt at peace in the moment, hoping it would last, but knowing the reprieve would soon come to an end. he closed his eyes, the sun beating down on face and he smiled. he smiled for the first time in as long as he could remember.
"it's never good to give them details," janice told her sister. "always be a little vague and keep them guessing." her sister listened intently and nodded in agreement. she didn't fully understand what her sister was saying but that didn't matter. she loved her so much that she would have agreed to whatever came out of her mouth.
he read about a hike called the incline in the guidebook. it said it was a strenuous hike and to bring plenty of water. "a beautiful hike to the clouds" described one review. "not for the faint-hearted," said another. "not too bad of a workout", bragged a third review. i thought i'd hike it when i fly in from maryland on my day off from the senior citizen's wellness conference. i hiked L miles a day around the neighborhood so i could handle a K.K-mile hike. what a foolish mistake that was for a :J-year-old low-lander.
the blinking light caught her attention. she thought about it a bit and couldn't remember ever noticing it before. that was strange since it was obvious the flashing light had been there for years. now she wondered how she missed it for that amount of time and what other things in her small town she had failed to notice.
debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach. she wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air. she shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or two more down the hole. her fingers still touched nothing but air.
this is important to remember. love isn't like pie. you don't need to divide it among all your friends and loved ones. no matter how much love you give, you can always give more. it doesn't run out, so don't try to hold back giving it as if it may one day run out. give it freely and as much as you want.
it wasn't that he hated her. it was simply that he didn't like her much. it was difficult for him to explain this to her, and even more difficult for her to truly understand. she was in love and wanted him to feel the same way. he didn't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her she refused to listen or to understand.
there was nothing to indicate nancy was going to change the world. she looked like an average girl going to an average high school. it was the fact that everything about her seemed average that would end up becoming her superpower.
ten more steps. if he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move. he tried to will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain. ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it.
the song came from the bathroom belting over the sound of the shower's running water. it was the same way each day began since he could remember. it listened intently and concluded that the singing today was as terrible as it had ever been.
the bush began to shake. brad couldn't see what was causing it to shake, but he didn't care. he had a pretty good idea about what was going on and what was happening. he was so confident that he approached the bush carefree and with a smile on his face. that all changed the instant he realized what was actually behind the bush.
with six children in tow, catherine raced to the airport departing gate. this wasn't an easy task as the children had other priorities than to get to the gate. she knew that she was tight on time and the frustration came out as she yelled at the kids to keep up. they continued to test her, pretending not to listen and to move in directions that only slowed them down. they had no idea the wrath they were about to receive when catherine made it to the gate only to be informed that they had all missed the plane.
at that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider. "i could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." he tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent. it didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to.
she's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore. the answers were always the same. well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense. a more accurate description was the answers never surprised her. so, she asked for the KJ,JJJth time, "what's your favorite animal?" but this time was different. when she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly.
the trees, therefore, must be such old and primitive techniques that they thought nothing of them, deeming them so inconsequential that even savages like us would know of them and not be suspicious. at that, they probably didn't have too much time after they detected us orbiting and intending to land. and if that were true, there could be only one place where their civilization was hidden.
all he wanted was a candy bar. it didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request. it might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face.
they rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need. there was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind. everything was thrown into the car and they sped off. thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all.
she asked the question even though she didn't really want to hear the answer. it was a no-win situation since she already knew. if he told the truth, she'd get confirmation of her worst fears. if he lied, she'd know that he wasn't who she thought he was which would be almost as bad. yet she asked the question anyway and waited for his answer.
there once lived an old man and an old woman who were peasants and had to work hard to earn their daily bread. the old man used to go to fix fences and do other odd jobs for the farmers around, and while he was gone the old woman, his wife, did the work of the house and worked in their own little plot of land.
it had become a far too common an event in her life. she has specifically placed the key to the box in a special place so that she wouldn't lose it and know exactly where it was when the key was needed. now that she needed to open the box, she had absolutely no idea where that special spot she placed the key might be.
the bridge spanning a KJJ-foot gully stood in front of him as the last obstacle blocking him from reaching his destination. while people may have called it a "bridge", the reality was it was nothing more than splintered wooden planks held together by rotting ropes. it was questionable whether it would hold the weight of a child, let alone the weight of a grown man. the problem was there was no other way across the gully, and this played into his calculations of whether or not it was worth the risk of trying to cross it.
how had she been so wrong? all her instincts and intuition completely failed her for the first time in her life. she had so heavily relied on both when making decisions up until this moment and she felt a seismic shift take place in her self-confidence. if she could be so completely wrong about something so simple as this, how could she make decisions about really important things taking place in her life? she wasn't sure what she should do next.
another option you have is choosing the number of syllables in the words you speak. you probably have never considered this option before, but you have it every time you open your mouth and speak. you make so many choices like this that you never even think about, but you have the choice with each one. what are you going to do with this knowledge?
the leather jacked showed the scars of being his favorite for years. it wore those scars with pride, feeling that they enhanced his presence rather than diminishing it. the scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed to the point that it had become ratty. the jacket was in its prime and it knew it.
it really didn't matter what they did to him. he's already made up his mind. whatever came his way, he was prepared for the consequences. he knew in his heart that the sacrifice he made was done with love and not hate no matter how others decided to spin it.
the young man wanted a role model. he looked long and hard in his youth, but that role model never materialized. his only choice was to embrace all the people in his life he didn't want to be like.
they had always called it the green river. it made sense. the river was green. the river likely had a different official name, but to everyone in town, it was and had always been the green river. so it was with great surprise that on this day the green river was a fluorescent pink.
wandering down the path to the pond had become a daily routine. even when the weather wasn't cooperating like today with the wind and rain, jerry still took the morning stroll down the path until he reached the pond. although there didn't seem to be a particular reason jerry did this to anyone looking in from the outside, those who knew him well knew exactly what was going on. it could all be traced back to a specific incident that happened exactly O years previously.
twenty-five stars were neatly placed on the piece of paper. there was room for five more stars but they would be difficult ones to earn. it had taken years to earn the first twenty-five, and they were considered the "easy" ones.
his mother had always taught him not to ever think of himself as better than others. he'd tried to live by this motto. he never looked down on those who were less fortunate or who had less money than him. but the stupidity of the group of people he was talking to made him change his mind.
it's not his fault. i know you're going to want to, but you can't blame him. he really has no idea how it happened. i kept trying to come up with excuses i could say to mom that would keep her calm when she found out what happened, but the more i tried, the more i could see none of them would work. he was going to get her wrath and there was nothing i could say to prevent it. the words hadn't flowed from his fingers for the past few weeks. he never imagined he'd find himself with writer's block, but here he sat with a blank screen in front of him. that blank screen taunting him day after day had started to play with his mind. he didn't understand why he couldn't even type a single word, just one to begin the process and build from there. and yet, he already knew that the eight hours he was prepared to sit in front of his computer today would end with the screen remaining blank.
she sat deep in thought. the next word that came out o her mouth would likely be the most important word of her life. it had to be exact with no possibility of being misinterpreted. she was ready. she looked deeply into his eyes and said, "octopus."
what were the chances? it would have to be a lot more than KJJ to K. it was likely even more than K,JJJ to K. the more he thought about it, the odds of it happening had to be more than KJ,JJJ to K and even KJJ,JJJ to K. people often threw around the chances of something happening as being K,JJJ,JJJ to K as an exaggeration of an unlikely event, but he could see that they may actually be accurate in this situation. whatever the odds of it happening, he knew they were big. what he didn't know was whether this happening was lucky or unlucky.
debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach. she wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air. she shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or two more down the hole. her fingers still touched nothing but air.
although scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did. they had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something joe apologized for doing didn't really matter. scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as joe continued to apologize. scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same.
there once lived an old man and an old woman who were peasants and had to work hard to earn their daily bread. the old man used to go to fix fences and do other odd jobs for the farmers around, and while he was gone the old woman, his wife, did the work of the house and worked in their own little plot of land.
her hair was a tangled mess which she tried to make presentable by putting in a lump on the top of her head. it didn't really work although it was a valiant attempt. while most people simply noticed the tangled mess on top of her head, what most people failed to understand that within the tangles mess was an entirely new year. that was her secret. she kept worlds on top of her head.
it went through such rapid contortions that the little bear was forced to change his hold on it so many times he became confused in the darkness, and could not, for the life of him, tell whether he held the sheep right side up, or upside down. but that point was decided for him a moment later by the animal itself, who, with a sudden twist, jabbed its horns so hard into his lowest ribs that he gave a grunt of anger and disgust.
sarah watched the whirlpool mesmerized. she couldn't take her eyes off the water swirling around and around. she stuck in small twigs and leaves to watch the whirlpool catch them and then suck them down. it bothered her more than a little bit that this could also be used as a metaphor for her life.
the tree missed the days the kids used to come by and play. it still wore the tire swing the kids had put up in its branches years ago although both the tire and the rope had seen better days. the tree had watched all the kids in the neighborhood grow up and leave, and it wondered if there would ever be a time when another child played and laughed again under its branches. that was the hope that the tree wished every day as the swing gently swung empty in the wind.
i've rented a car in las vegas and have reserved a hotel in twentynine palms which is just north of joshua tree. we'll drive from las vegas through mojave national preserve and possibly do a short hike on our way down. then spend all day on monday at joshua tree. we can decide the next morning if we want to do more in joshua tree or mojave before we head back.
it really didn't matter what they did to him. he's already made up his mind. whatever came his way, he was prepared for the consequences. he knew in his heart that the sacrifice he made was done with love and not hate no matter how others decided to spin it.
it was a weird concept. why would i really need to generate a random paragraph? could i actually learn something from doing so? all these questions were running through her head as she pressed the generate button. to her surprise, she found what she least expected to see.
sometimes it's the first moment of the day that catches you off guard. that's what wendy was thinking. she opened her window to see fire engines screeching down the street. while this wasn't something completely unheard of, it also wasn't normal. it was a sure sign of what was going to happen that day. she could feel it in her bones and it wasn't the way she wanted the day to begin.
he had disappointed himself more than anyone else. that wasn't to say that he hadn't disappointed others. the fact was that he had disappointed a lot of people who were close to him. the fact that they were disappointed in him was something that made him even more disappointed in himself. yet here he was, about to do the exact same things that had caused all the disappointment in the first place because he didn't know what else to do.
the shades were closed keeping the room dark. peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower. nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day. he stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day.
what were they eating? it didn't taste like anything she had ever eaten before and although she was famished, she didn't dare ask. she knew the answer would be one she didn't want to hear.
he swung back the fishing pole and cast the line which ell LO feet away into the river. the lure landed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would soon get a bite. he never expected that the bite would come from behind in the form of a bear.
the picket fence had stood for years without any issue. that's all it was. a simple, white, picket fence. why it had all of a sudden become a lightning rod within the community was still unbelievable to most. yet a community that had once lived in harmony was now divided in bitter hatred and it had everything to do with the white picket fence.
i'm so confused by your ridiculous meltdown that i must insist on some sort of explanation for your behavior towards me. it just doesn't make any sense. there's no way that i deserved the treatment you gave me without an explanation or an apology for how out of line you have been.
there was something special about this little creature. donna couldn't quite pinpoint what it was, but she knew with all her heart that it was true. it wasn't a matter of if she was going to try and save it, but a matter of how she was going to save it. she went back to the car to get a blanket and when she returned the creature was gone.
it was a simple green chair. there was nothing extraordinary about it or so it seemed. it was the type of chair one would pass without even noticing it was there, let alone what the actual color of it was. it was due to this common and unassuming appearance that few people actually stopped to sit in it and discover its magical powers.
what have you noticed today? i noticed that if you outline the eyes, nose, and mouth on your face with your finger, you make an "i" which makes perfect sense, but is something i never noticed before. what have you noticed today?
the paper was blank. it shouldn't have been. there should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more. the fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating. actually, it was even more than frustrating. it was downright distressing.
there had to be a better way. that's all nancy could think as she sat at her desk staring at her computer screen. she'd already spent five years of her life in this little cubicle staring at her computer doing "work" that didn't seem to matter to anyone including her own boss. there had to be more to her life than this and there had to be a better way to make a living. that's what she was thinking when the earthquake struck.
it all started with a random letter. several of those were joined forces to create a random word. the words decided to get together and form a random sentence. they decided not to stop there and it wasn't long before a random paragraph had been cobbled together. the question was whether or not they could continue the momentum long enough to create a random short story.
the light was out on the front porch of the house. this was strange. judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever seen it out. she hopped out of her car and walked to the door. it was slightly ajar and she knew this meant something terrible. she gently pushed the door open and hall her fears were realized. "surprise; happy birthday;" everyone shouted.
colors bounced around in her head. they mixed and threaded themselves together. even colors that had no business being together. they were all one, yet distinctly separate at the same time. how was she going to explain this to the others?
peter always saw the world in black and white. there were two choices for every situation and you had to choose one of them. it was therefore terribly uncomfortable for him to spend time with ashley. she saw the world in shades of gray with hundreds of choices to choose from in every situation.
the wolves stopped in their tracks, sizing up the mother and her cubs. it had been over a week since their last meal and they were getting desperate. the cubs would make a good meal, but there were high risks taking on the mother grizzly. a decision had to be made and the wrong choice could signal the end of the pack.
don't forget that gifts often come with costs that go beyond their purchase price. when you purchase a child the latest smartphone, you're also committing to a monthly phone bill. when you purchase the latest gaming system, you're likely not going to be satisfied with the games that come with it for long and want to purchase new titles to play. when you buy gifts it's important to remember that some come with additional costs down the road that can be much more expensive than the initial gift itself.
his mother had always taught him not to ever think of himself as better than others. he'd tried to live by this motto. he never looked down on those who were less fortunate or who had less money than him. but the stupidity of the group of people he was talking to made him change his mind.
it was a rat's nest. not a literal one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemble every morning when she got up. it was going to take at least an hour to get it under control and she was sick and tired of it. she peered into the mirror and wondered if it was worth it. it wasn't. she opened the drawer and picked up the hair clippers.
there are only three ways to make this work. the first is to let me take care of everything. the second is for you to take care of everything. the third is to split everything OJ I OJ. i think the last option is the most preferable, but i'm certain it'll also mean the end of our marriage.
housework could be everyone's work, not just "women's work". why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own. my friend's husband claimed he didn't know that sheets should be washed more than once a season. he said he didn't know one had to clean toilets. he assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves. she tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook. wouldn't it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is "just bad at it". my sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets. hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided.
she's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore. the answers were always the same. well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense. a more accurate description was the answers never surprised her. so, she asked for the KJ,JJJth time, "what's your favorite animal?" but this time was different. when she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly.
stormi is a dog. she is dark grey and has long legs. her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking. her tongue is long, pink, and wet. her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies. she can be a good dog, but also very bad. her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad. stormi is a dog i love.
life isn't always beautiful. that was a lesson that dan was learning. he also realized that life wasn't easy. this had come as a shock since he had lived a charmed life. he hated that this was the truth and he struggled to be happy knowing that his assumptions weren't correct. he wouldn't realize until much later in life that the difficult obstacles he was facing that were taking away the beauty in his life at this moment would ultimately make his life much more beautiful. all he knew was that at this moment was that life isn't always beautiful.
she looked at her little girl who was about to become a teen. she tried to think back to when the girl had been younger but failed to pinpoint the exact moment when she had become a little too big to pick up and carry. it hit her all at once. she was no longer a little girl and she stood there speechless with fear, sadness, and pride all running through her at the same time.
it seemed like it should have been so simple. there was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. it was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case. the deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.
eating raw fish didn't sound like a good idea. "it's a delicacy in japan," didn't seem to make it any more appetizing. raw fish is raw fish, delicacy or not.
"are you getting my texts???" she texted to him. he glanced at it and chuckled under his breath. of course he was getting them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? he put the phone down and continued on his project. he was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so.
the young man wanted a role model. he looked long and hard in his youth, but that role model never materialized. his only choice was to embrace all the people in his life he didn't want to be like.
no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened. it didn't even really make sense to him. all he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move. it was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene. he knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth.
the chair sat in the corner where it had been for over LO years. the only difference was there was someone actually sitting in it. how long had it been since someone had done that? ten years or more he imagined. yet there was no denying the presence in the chair now.
dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament. he ran through all the events that had lead to this current situation and it still didn't make sense. he wanted to spend some time to try and make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment. the first was how to get out of his current situation of being naked in a tree with snow falling all around and no way for him to get down.
"i'll talk to you tomorrow in more detail at our meeting, but i think i've found a solution to our problem. it's not exactly legal, but it won't land us in jail for the rest of our lives either. are you willing to take the chance?" monroe asked his partner over the phone.
why do americans have so many different types of towels? we have beach towels, hand towels, bath towels, dish towels, camping towels, quick-dry towels, and let's not forget paper towels. would K type of towel work for each of these things? let's take a beach towel. it can be used to dry your hands and body with no difficulty. a beach towel could be used to dry dishes. just think how many dishes you could dry with one beach towel. i've used a beach towel with no adverse effects while camping. if you buy a thin beach towel it can dry quickly too. i'd probably cut up a beach towel to wipe down counters or for cleaning other items, but a full beach towel could be used too. is having so many types of towels an extravagant luxury that americans enjoy or is it necessary? i'd say it's overkill and we could cut down on the many types of towels that manufacturers deem necessary.
the river slowly meandered through the open space. it had hidden secrets that it didn't want to reveal. it had a well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, and appealing. that's how the river lured her unknowing victims to her water's edge.
it had become a far too common an event in her life. she has specifically placed the key to the box in a special place so that she wouldn't lose it and know exactly where it was when the key was needed. now that she needed to open the box, she had absolutely no idea where that special spot she placed the key might be. her hand was balled into a fist with her keys protruding out from between her fingers. this was the weapon her father had shown her how to make when she walked alone to her car after work. she wished that she had something a little more potent than keys between her fingers. it would have been nice to have some mace or pepper spray. he had been meaning to buy some but had never gotten around to it. as the mother bear took another step forward with her cubs in tow, she knew her fist with keys wasn't going to be an adequate defense for this situation.
i recollect that my first exploit in squirrel-shooting was in a grove of tall walnut-trees that shades one side of the valley. i had wandered into it at noontime, when all nature is peculiarly quiet, and was startled by the roar of my own gun, as it broke the sabbath stillness around and was prolonged and reverberated by the angry echoes.
sometimes it's simply better to ignore the haters. that's the lesson that tom's dad had been trying to teach him, but tom still couldn't let it go. he latched onto them and their hate and couldn't let it go, but he also realized that this wasn't healthy. that's when he came up with his devious plan.
turning away from the ledge, he started slowly down the mountain, deciding that he would, that very night, satisfy his curiosity about the man-house. in the meantime, he would go down into the canyon and get a cool drink, after which he would visit some berry patches just over the ridge, and explore among the foothills a bit before his nap-time, which always came just after the sun had walked past the middle of the sky. at that period of the day the sun's warm rays seemed to cast a sleepy spell over the silent mountainside, so all of the animals, with one accord, had decided it should be the hour for their mid-day sleep.
it was a question of which of the two she preferred. on the one hand, the choice seemed simple. the more expensive one with a brand name would be the choice of most. it was the easy choice. the safe choice. but she wasn't sure she actually preferred it.
don't be scared. the things out there that are unknown aren't scary in themselves. they are just unknown at the moment. take the time to know them before you list them as scary. then the world will be a much less scary place for you.
she was in a hurry. not the standard hurry when you're in a rush to get someplace, but a frantic hurry. the type of hurry where a few seconds could mean life or death. she raced down the road ignoring speed limits and weaving between cars. she was only a few minutes away when traffic came to a dead standstill on the road ahead.
there weren't supposed to be dragons flying in the sky. first and foremost, dragons didn't exist. they were mythical creatures from fantasy books like unicorns. this was something that pete knew in his heart to be true so he was having a difficult time acknowledging that there were actually fire-breathing dragons flying in the sky above him.
welcome to my world. you will be greeted by the unexpected here and your mind will be challenged and expanded in ways that you never thought possible. that is if you are able to survive...
green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy. ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore. at least this was the way it was supposed to be. something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway.
it was a scrape that he hardly noticed. sure, there was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to most of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on his adventures. there was no way he could know that the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic material on it that was now racing through his bloodstream. he felt perfectly normal and continued his adventure with no knowledge of what was about to happen to him.
he wondered if he should disclose the truth to his friends. it would be a risky move. yes, the truth would make things a lot easier if they all stayed on the same page, but the truth might fracture the group leaving everything in even more of a mess than it was not telling the truth. it was time to decide which way to go.
things aren't going well at all with mom today. she is just a limp noodle and wants to sleep all the time. i sure hope that things get better soon.
sleep deprivation causes all sorts of challenges and problems. when one doesn't get enough sleep one's mind doesn't work clearly. studies have shown that after staying awake for LN hours one's ability to do simple math is greatly impaired. driving tired has been shown to be as bad as driving drunk. moods change, depression, anxiety, and mania can be induced by lack of sleep. as much as people try to do without enough sleep it is a wonder more crazy things don't happen in this world.
what have you noticed today? i noticed that if you outline the eyes, nose, and mouth on your face with your finger, you make an "i" which makes perfect sense, but is something i never noticed before. what have you noticed today?
it was the first day of the rest of her life. this wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward. although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing. her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend. she threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life.
what were they eating? it didn't taste like anything she had ever eaten before and although she was famished, she didn't dare ask. she knew the answer would be one she didn't want to hear.
the rain was coming. everyone thought this would be a good thing. it hadn't rained in months and the earth was dry as a bone. it wasn't a surprise that everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, but they never expected how much rain would actually arrive.
the young man wanted a role model. he looked long and hard in his youth, but that role model never materialized. his only choice was to embrace all the people in his life he didn't want to be like.
it seemed like it should have been so simple. there was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. it was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case. the deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.
i checked in for the night at out o the way motel. what a bad choice that was. first i took a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain. next, the towel rack fell down when i reached for the one small bath towel. this allowed the towel to fall halfway into the toilet. i tried to watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wouldn't stop scrolling through the channels. i gave up for the night and crawled into bed. i stretched out my leg and felt something furry by my foot. filled with fear, i reached down and to my surprise, i pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear. after my initial relief that it wasn't alive, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon skin briefs filled my brain. i jumped out of the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted towards my car.
he swung back the fishing pole and cast the line which ell LO feet away into the river. the lure landed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would soon get a bite. he never expected that the bite would come from behind in the form of a bear.
he heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears. although it was soft and calming, he was wary. it seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on. he wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap.
what were the chances? it would have to be a lot more than KJJ to K. it was likely even more than K,JJJ to K. the more he thought about it, the odds of it happening had to be more than KJ,JJJ to K and even KJJ,JJJ to K. people often threw around the chances of something happening as being K,JJJ,JJJ to K as an exaggeration of an unlikely event, but he could see that they may actually be accurate in this situation. whatever the odds of it happening, he knew they were big. what he didn't know was whether this happening was lucky or unlucky.
it probably seemed trivial to most people, but it mattered to tracey. she wasn't sure why it mattered so much to her, but she understood deep within her being that it mattered to her. so for the MPOth day in a row, tracey sat down to eat pancakes for breakfast.
betty decided to write a short story and she was sure it was going to be amazing. she had already written it in her head and each time she thought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowing how wonderful it would be. she could imagine the accolades coming in and the praise she would receive for creating such a wonderful piece. she was therefore extremely frustrated when she actually sat down to write the short story and the story that was so beautiful inside her head refused to come out that way on paper.
she didn't like the food. she never did. she made the usual complaints and started the tantrum he knew was coming. but this time was different. instead of trying to placate her and her unreasonable demands, he just stared at her and watched her meltdown without saying a word.
how had she been so wrong? all her instincts and intuition completely failed her for the first time in her life. she had so heavily relied on both when making decisions up until this moment and she felt a seismic shift take place in her self-confidence. if she could be so completely wrong about something so simple as this, how could she make decisions about really important things taking place in her life? she wasn't sure what she should do next.
the thing that's great about this job is the time sourcing the items involves no traveling. i just look online to buy it. it's really as simple as that. while everyone else is searching for what they can sell, i sit in front of my computer and buy better stuff for less money and spend a fraction of the time doing it.
she has seen this scene before. it had come to her in dreams many times before. she had to pinch herself to make sure it wasn't a dream again. as her fingers squeezed against her arm, she felt the pain. it was this pain that immediately woke her up.
one can cook on and with an open fire. these are some of the ways to cook with fire outside. cooking meat using a spit is a great way to evenly cook meat. in order to keep meat from burning, it's best to slowly rotate it. hot stones can be used to toast bread. coals are hot and can bring things to a boil quickly. if one is very adventurous, one can make a hole in the ground, fill it with coals and place foil-covered meat, veggies, and potatoes into the coals, and cover all of it with dirt. in a short period of time, the food will be baked. campfire cooking can be done in many ways.
a two-inch layer of freshly fallen snow covered the yard. stacey peeked outside. to most, it would have been a beautiful sight worthy of taking a photo to put on instagram. for stacey, it meant something different. the first snow of the year brought back the witches as the fairies in the yard had to seek shelter to avoid the cold.
it was supposed to be a dream vacation. they had planned it over a year in advance so that it would be perfect in every way. it had been what they had been looking forward to through all the turmoil and negativity around them. it had been the light at the end of both their tunnels. now that the dream vacation was only a week away, the virus had stopped all air travel.
"it was so great to hear from you today and it was such weird timing," he said. "this is going to sound funny and a little strange, but you were in a dream i had just a couple of days ago. i'd love to get together and tell you about it if you're up for a cup of coffee," he continued, laying the trap he'd been planning for years.
you're going to make a choice today that will have a direct impact on where you are five years from now. the truth is, you'll make choice like that every day of your life. the problem is that on most days, you won't know the choice you make will have such a huge impact on your life in the future. so if you want to end up in a certain place in the future, you need to be careful of the choices you make today.
his mother had always taught him not to ever think of himself as better than others. he'd tried to live by this motto. he never looked down on those who were less fortunate or who had less money than him. but the stupidity of the group of people he was talking to made him change his mind.
it really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve. that's what he kept trying to convince himself. she was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome. he already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make. the question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve.
he watched as the young man tried to impress everyone in the room with his intelligence. there was no doubt that he was smart. the fact that he was more intelligent than anyone else in the room could have been easily deduced, but nobody was really paying any attention due to the fact that it was also obvious that the young man only cared about his intelligence.
the picket fence had stood for years without any issue. that's all it was. a simple, white, picket fence. why it had all of a sudden become a lightning rod within the community was still unbelievable to most. yet a community that had once lived in harmony was now divided in bitter hatred and it had everything to do with the white picket fence.
all he wanted was a candy bar. it didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request. it might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face.
it was the best compliment that he'd ever received although the person who gave it likely never knew. it had been an off-hand observation on his ability to hold a conversation and actually add pertinent information to it on practically any topic. although he hadn't consciously strived to be able to do so, he'd started to voraciously read the news when he couldn't keep up on topics his friends discussed because their conversations went above his head. the fact that someone had noticed enough to compliment him that he could talk intelligently about many topics meant that he had succeeded in his quest to be better informed.
it had become a far too common an event in her life. she has specifically placed the key to the box in a special place so that she wouldn't lose it and know exactly where it was when the key was needed. now that she needed to open the box, she had absolutely no idea where that special spot she placed the key might be.
stranded. yes, she was now the first person ever to land on venus, but that was of little consequence. her name would be read by millions in school as the first to land here, but that celebrity would never actually be seen by her. she looked at the control panel and knew there was nothing that would ever get it back into working order. she was the first and it was not clear this would also be her last.
they rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need. there was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind. everything was thrown into the car and they sped off. thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all.
there were a variety of ways to win the game. james had played it long enough to know most of them and he could see what his opponent was trying to do. there was a simple counterattack that james could use and the game should be his. he began deploying it with the confidence of a veteran player who had been in this situation a thousand times in the past. so, it was with great surprise when his opponent used a move he had never before seen or anticipated to easily defeat him in the game.
there were about twenty people on the dam. most of them were simply walking and getting exercise. there were a few who were fishing. there was a family who had laid down a blanket and they were having a picnic. it was like this most days and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. the problem was that nobody noticed the water leaking through the dam wall.
this is important to remember. love isn't like pie. you don't need to divide it among all your friends and loved ones. no matter how much love you give, you can always give more. it doesn't run out, so don't try to hold back giving it as if it may one day run out. give it freely and as much as you want.
a long black shadow slid across the pavement near their feet and the five venusians, very much startled, looked overhead. they were barely in time to see the huge gray form of the carnivore before it vanished behind a sign atop a nearby building which bore the mystifying information "pepsi-cola."
dave found joy in the daily routine of life. he awoke at the same time, ate the same breakfast and drove the same commute. he worked at a job that never seemed to change and he got home at P pm sharp every night. it was who he had been for the last ten years and he had no idea that was all about to change.
the blinking light caught her attention. she thought about it a bit and couldn't remember ever noticing it before. that was strange since it was obvious the flashing light had been there for years. now she wondered how she missed it for that amount of time and what other things in her small town she had failed to notice. the coin hovered in the air, spinning over and over again. it reached its peak and began to descend. both boys were pleading with it to land a certain way but the coin had already made up its mind on what it was going to do.
the alarm went off at exactly P:JJ am as it had every morning for the past five years. barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by ::JJ am. the day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change. in fact, it was going to change at exactly ::LM am.
stranded. yes, she was now the first person ever to land on venus, but that was of little consequence. her name would be read by millions in school as the first to land here, but that celebrity would never actually be seen by her. she looked at the control panel and knew there was nothing that would ever get it back into working order. she was the first and it was not clear this would also be her last.
they say you only come to peace with yourself when you know yourself better than those around you. derick knew nothing about this. he thought he had found peace but this was an illusion as he was about to find out with an unexpected occurrence that he actually knew nothing about himself.
"it doesn't take much to touch someone's heart," daisy said with a smile on her face. "it's often just the little things you do that can change a person's day for the better." daisy truly believed this to be the way the world worked, but she didn't understand that she was merely a robot that had been programmed to believe this.
he couldn't move. his head throbbed and spun. he couldn't decide if it was the flu or the drinking last night. it was probably a combination of both.
there was no ring on his finger. that was a good sign although far from proof that he was available. still, it was much better than if he had been wearing a wedding ring on his hand. she glanced at his hand a bit more intently to see if there were any tan lines where a ring may have been, and he's simply taken it off. she couldn't detect any which was also a good sign and a relief. the next step would be to get access to his wallet to see if there were any family photos in it.
it's an unfortunate reality that we don't teach people how to make money Bbeyond getting a S to O job, as part of our education system. the truth is there are a lot of different, legitimate ways to make money. that doesn't mean they are easy and that you won't have to work hard to succeed, but it does mean that if you're willing to open your mind a bit you don't have to be stuck in an office from S to O for the next fifty years o your life.
it was a scrape that he hardly noticed. sure, there was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to most of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on his adventures. there was no way he could know that the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic material on it that was now racing through his bloodstream. he felt perfectly normal and continued his adventure with no knowledge of what was about to happen to him.
he read about a hike called the incline in the guidebook. it said it was a strenuous hike and to bring plenty of water. "a beautiful hike to the clouds" described one review. "not for the faint-hearted," said another. "not too bad of a workout", bragged a third review. i thought i'd hike it when i fly in from maryland on my day off from the senior citizen's wellness conference. i hiked L miles a day around the neighborhood so i could handle a K.K-mile hike. what a foolish mistake that was for a :J-year-old low-lander.
the young man wanted a role model. he looked long and hard in his youth, but that role model never materialized. his only choice was to embrace all the people in his life he didn't want to be like.
it really shouldn't have mattered to betty. that's what she kept trying to convince herself even if she knew it mattered to betty more than practically anything else. why was she trying to convince herself otherwise? as she stepped forward to knock on betty's door, she still didn't have a convincing answer to this question that she'd been asking herself for more than two years now.
terrance knew that sometimes it was simply best to stay out of it. he kept repeating this to himself as he watched the scene unfold. he knew that nothing good would come of him getting involved. it was far better for him to stay on the sidelines and observe. he kept yelling this to himself inside his head as he walked over to the couple and punched the man in the face.
it had been a simple realization that had changed debra's life perspective. it was really so simple that she was embarrassed that she had lived the previous five years with the way she measured her worth. now that she saw what she had been doing, she could see how sad it was. that made her all the more relieved she had made the change. the number of hearts her instagram posts received wasn't any longer the indication of her own self-worth.
there was nothing to indicate nancy was going to change the world. she looked like an average girl going to an average high school. it was the fact that everything about her seemed average that would end up becoming her superpower.
there was something special about this little creature. donna couldn't quite pinpoint what it was, but she knew with all her heart that it was true. it wasn't a matter of if she was going to try and save it, but a matter of how she was going to save it. she went back to the car to get a blanket and when she returned the creature was gone.
the leather jacked showed the scars of being his favorite for years. it wore those scars with pride, feeling that they enhanced his presence rather than diminishing it. the scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed to the point that it had become ratty. the jacket was in its prime and it knew it.
sitting in the sun, away from everyone who had done him harm in the past, he quietly listened to those who roamed by. he felt at peace in the moment, hoping it would last, but knowing the reprieve would soon come to an end. he closed his eyes, the sun beating down on face and he smiled. he smiled for the first time in as long as he could remember.
it really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve. that's what he kept trying to convince himself. she was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome. he already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make. the question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve.
it was always the monday mornings. it never seemed to happen on tuesday morning, wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week. but it happened every monday morning like clockwork. he mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case.
i recollect that my first exploit in squirrel-shooting was in a grove of tall walnut-trees that shades one side of the valley. i had wandered into it at noontime, when all nature is peculiarly quiet, and was startled by the roar of my own gun, as it broke the sabbath stillness around and was prolonged and reverberated by the angry echoes.
i inadvertently went to see's candy last week Bi was in the mall looking for phone repair,, and as it turns out, see's candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- for even the simplest of their wee confection offerings. i bought two chocolate lollipops and two chocolate-caramel-almond things. the total cost was four-something. i mean, the candies were tasty and all, but let's be real: a snickers bar is fifty cents. after this dollar-per-candy revelation, i may not find myself wandering dreamily back into a see's candy any time soon.
betty was a creature of habit and she thought she liked it that way. that was until dave showed up in her life. she now had a choice to make and it would determine whether her lie remained the same or if it would change forever.
it was cloudy outside but not really raining. there was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella. this hadn't stopped sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it. it had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day. sarah used the umbrella to hide.
she had a terrible habit o comparing her life to others. she realized that their life experiences were completely different than her own and that she saw only what they wanted her to see, but that didn't matter. she still compared herself and yearned for what she thought they had and she didn't.
she wanted rainbow hair. that's what she told the hairdresser. it should be deep rainbow colors, too. she wasn't interested in pastel rainbow hair. she wanted it deep and vibrant so there was no doubt that she had done this on purpose.
he was aware there were numerous wonders of this world including the unexplained creations of humankind that showed the wonder of our ingenuity. there are huge heads on easter island. there are the egyptian pyramids. there's stonehenge. but he now stood in front of a newly discovered monument that simply didn't make any sense and he wondered how he was ever going to be able to explain it.
sometimes it's just better not to be seen. that's how harry had always lived his life. he prided himself as being the fly on the wall and the fae that blended into the crowd. that's why he was so shocked that she noticed him.
debbie had taken george for granted for more than fifteen years now. he wasn't sure what exactly had made him choose this time and place to address the issue, but he decided that now was the time. he looked straight into her eyes and just as she was about to speak, turned away and walked out the door.
it was difficult to explain to them how the diagnosis of certain death had actually given him life. while everyone around him was in tears and upset, he actually felt more at ease. the doctor said it would be less than a year. that gave him a year to live, something he'd failed to do with his daily drudgery of a routine that had passed as life until then.
the time to take action was now. all three men knew in their hearts this was the case, yet none of them moved a muscle to try. they were all watching and waiting for one of the others to make the first move so they could follow a step or two behind and help. the situation demanded a leader and all three men were followers.
they rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need. there was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind. everything was thrown into the car and they sped off. thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all.
it was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind. he'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped. there was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last.
she never liked cleaning the sink. it was beyond her comprehension how it got so dirty so quickly. it seemed that she was forced to clean it every other day. even when she was extra careful to keep things clean and orderly, it still ended up looking like a mess in a couple of days. what she didn't know was there was a tiny creature living in it that didn't like things neat.
twenty seconds were all that was left and richard could hear each one tick by. fifteen seconds now remained and the panic began to fully set in. ten seconds and he wasn't sure he had enough time. five seconds, four, three, two, one...
april seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices. she looked at her bed and what a mess it had become. how did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night?
i checked in for the night at out o the way motel. what a bad choice that was. first i took a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain. next, the towel rack fell down when i reached for the one small bath towel. this allowed the towel to fall halfway into the toilet. i tried to watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wouldn't stop scrolling through the channels. i gave up for the night and crawled into bed. i stretched out my leg and felt something furry by my foot. filled with fear, i reached down and to my surprise, i pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear. after my initial relief that it wasn't alive, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon skin briefs filled my brain. i jumped out of the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted towards my car.
she considered the birds to be her friends. she'd put out food for them each morning and then she'd watch as they came to the feeders to gorge themselves for the day. she wondered what they would do if something ever happened to her. would they miss the meals she provided if she failed to put out the food one morning?
i'm meant to be writing at this moment. what i mean is, i'm meant to be writing something else at this moment. the document i'm meant to be writing is, of course, open in another program on my computer and is patiently awaiting my attention. yet here i am plonking down senseless sentiments in this paragraph because it's easier to do than to work on anything particularly meaningful. i am grateful for the distraction.
waiting and watching. it was all she had done for the past weeks. when you're locked in a room with nothing but food and drink, that's about all you can do anyway. she watched as birds flew past the window bolted shut. she couldn't reach it if she wanted too, with that hole in the floor. she thought she could escape through it but three stories is a bit far down.
there were about twenty people on the dam. most of them were simply walking and getting exercise. there were a few who were fishing. there was a family who had laid down a blanket and they were having a picnic. it was like this most days and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. the problem was that nobody noticed the water leaking through the dam wall.
one can cook on and with an open fire. these are some of the ways to cook with fire outside. cooking meat using a spit is a great way to evenly cook meat. in order to keep meat from burning, it's best to slowly rotate it. hot stones can be used to toast bread. coals are hot and can bring things to a boil quickly. if one is very adventurous, one can make a hole in the ground, fill it with coals and place foil-covered meat, veggies, and potatoes into the coals, and cover all of it with dirt. in a short period of time, the food will be baked. campfire cooking can be done in many ways.
there weren't supposed to be dragons flying in the sky. first and foremost, dragons didn't exist. they were mythical creatures from fantasy books like unicorns. this was something that pete knew in his heart to be true so he was having a difficult time acknowledging that there were actually fire-breathing dragons flying in the sky above him.
the shades were closed keeping the room dark. peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower. nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day. he stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day.
the robot clicked disapprovingly, gurgled briefly inside its cubical interior and extruded a pony glass of brownish liquid. "sir, you will undoubtedly end up in a drunkard's grave, dead of hepatic cirrhosis," it informed me virtuously as it returned my id card. i glared as i pushed the glass across the table.
according to the caption on the bronze marker placed by the multnomah chapter of the daughters of the american revolution on may KL, KSMS, "college hall Bis, the oldest building in continuous use for educational purposes west of the rocky mountains. here were educated men and women who have won recognition throughout the world in all the learned professions."
her hair was a tangled mess which she tried to make presentable by putting in a lump on the top of her head. it didn't really work although it was a valiant attempt. while most people simply noticed the tangled mess on top of her head, what most people failed to understand that within the tangles mess was an entirely new year. that was her secret. she kept worlds on top of her head.
the opened package of potato chips held the answer to the mystery. both detectives looked at it but failed to realize it was the key to solve the crime. they passed by it assuming it was random trash ensuring that the case would never be solved.
the light blinded him. it was dark and he thought he was the only one in the area, but the light shining in his eyes proved him wrong. it came from about KJJ feet away and was shining so directly into his eyes he couldn't make out anything about the person holding the light. there was only one thing to do in this situation. he reached into his pocket and pulled out a flashlight of his own that was much stronger than the one currently blinding him. he turned it on and pointed it into the stranger's eyes.
love isn't always a ray of sunshine. that's what the older girls kept telling her when she said she had found the perfect man. she had thought this was simply bitter talk on their part since they had been unable to find true love like hers. but now she had to face the fact that they may have been right. love may not always be a ray of sunshine. that is unless they were referring to how the sun can burn. twenty-five years dana had been waiting. she tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like. but today the opportunity had finally come. the thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen. she didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside.
it went through such rapid contortions that the little bear was forced to change his hold on it so many times he became confused in the darkness, and could not, for the life of him, tell whether he held the sheep right side up, or upside down. but that point was decided for him a moment later by the animal itself, who, with a sudden twist, jabbed its horns so hard into his lowest ribs that he gave a grunt of anger and disgust.
i haven't bailed on writing. look, i'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track. i am making an effort. i will start writing consistently again;
it seemed like it should have been so simple. there was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. it was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case. the deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.
the spot was perfect for camouflage. at least that's what she thought when she picked the spot. she couldn't imagine that anyone would ever be able to see her in these surroundings. so there she sat, confident that she was hidden from the world and safe from danger. unfortunately, she had not anticipated that others may be looking upon her from other angles, and now they were stealthily descending toward her hiding spot.
what if dogs were racist? would they care about fur color.
.. "son, only play with other tan dogs"? or maybe it would depend on breed, "honey, only play with other german shepards, never poodles". better yet it could depend on occupation. "i'm a sled dog while you're only a running companion, leave me alone". maybe the neighborhood they live in could be the way they choose which dogs to associate with and which to shun? size could be the determining factor, "see how tall that dog is, they are probably dumb". luckily dogs don't discriminate. just watch at a dog park. big black and white dogs wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs. a service dog chases after the same ball as the off-duty police dog. so if dogs don't discriminate then why do we?
it had been a late night. to be more correct, it had been an early morning. it was now M:JJ am and george was just getting home. he wasn't sure if it had been worth it. he was supposed to have been finished by KJ:JJ pm, but his boss had implored him to stay and help when it was clear they weren't going to meet the KJ:JJ pm target time. so, he had stayed an extra O hours and lost a good night's sleep for something he didn't really believe in, but he did anyway because he was afraid if he refused he might lose his job.
it was cloudy outside but not really raining. there was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella. this hadn't stopped sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it. it had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day. sarah used the umbrella to hide.
it was difficult to explain to them how the diagnosis of certain death had actually given him life. while everyone around him was in tears and upset, he actually felt more at ease. the doctor said it would be less than a year. that gave him a year to live, something he'd failed to do with his daily drudgery of a routine that had passed as life until then.
brenda never wanted to be famous. while most of her friends dreamed about being famous, she could see the negative aspects that those who wanted to be famous seemed to ignore. the fact that you could never do anything in public without being mobbed and the complete lack of privacy was something that she never wanted to experience. she also had no desire to have strangers speculating about every aspect of her life and what each thing she did was supposed to mean. brenda was perfectly happy with her anonymous life where she could do exactly as she wanted without anyone else giving a damn. thus, her overnight internet celebrity was not something she was thrilled about as her friends told her how lucky she was.
she's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore. the answers were always the same. well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense. a more accurate description was the answers never surprised her. so, she asked for the KJ,JJJth time, "what's your favorite animal?" but this time was different. when she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly.
spending time at national parks can be an exciting adventure, but this wasn't the type of excitement she was hoping to experience. as she contemplated the situation she found herself in, she knew she'd gotten herself in a little more than she bargained for. it wasn't often that she found herself in a tree staring down at a pack of wolves that were looking to make her their next meal.
the picket fence had stood for years without any issue. that's all it was. a simple, white, picket fence. why it had all of a sudden become a lightning rod within the community was still unbelievable to most. yet a community that had once lived in harmony was now divided in bitter hatred and it had everything to do with the white picket fence.
patricia's friend who was here hardly had any issues at all, but she wasn't telling the truth. yesterday, before she left to go home, she heard that her husband is in the hospital and pretended to be surprised. it later came out that she was the person who had put him there.
welcome to my world. you will be greeted by the unexpected here and your mind will be challenged and expanded in ways that you never thought possible. that is if you are able to survive...
twenty seconds were all that was left and richard could hear each one tick by. fifteen seconds now remained and the panic began to fully set in. ten seconds and he wasn't sure he had enough time. five seconds, four, three, two, one...
the amber droplet hung from the branch, reaching fullness and ready to drop. it waited. while many of the other droplets were satisfied to form as big as they could and release, this droplet had other plans. it wanted to be part of history. it wanted to be remembered long after all the other droplets had dissolved into history. so it waited for the perfect specimen to fly by to trap and capture that it hoped would eventually be discovered hundreds of years in the future.
it was a rat's nest. not a literal one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemble every morning when she got up. it was going to take at least an hour to get it under control and she was sick and tired of it. she peered into the mirror and wondered if it was worth it. it wasn't. she opened the drawer and picked up the hair clippers.
his parents continued to question him. he didn't know what to say to them since they refused to believe the truth. he explained again and again, and they dismissed his explanation as a figment of his imagination. there was no way that grandpa, who had been dead for five years, could have told him where the treasure had been hidden. of course, it didn't help that grandpa was roaring with laughter in the chair next to him as he tried to explain once again how he'd found it.
it was supposed to be a dream vacation. they had planned it over a year in advance so that it would be perfect in every way. it had been what they had been looking forward to through all the turmoil and negativity around them. it had been the light at the end of both their tunnels. now that the dream vacation was only a week away, the virus had stopped all air travel.
the bowl was filled with fruit. it seemed to be an overabundance of strawberries, but it also included blueberries, raspberries, grapes, and banana slices. this was the meal sarah had every morning to start her day since she could remember. why she decided to add chocolate as an option today was still a bit of a surprise, but she had been in the process of deciding she wanted to change her routine. this was a baby step to begin that start.
green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy. ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore. at least this was the way it was supposed to be. something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway.
the rain was coming. everyone thought this would be a good thing. it hadn't rained in months and the earth was dry as a bone. it wasn't a surprise that everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, but they never expected how much rain would actually arrive.
she counted. one. she could hear the steps coming closer. two. puffs of breath could be seen coming from his mouth. three. he stopped beside her. four. she pulled the trigger of the gun.
the opened package of potato chips held the answer to the mystery. both detectives looked at it but failed to realize it was the key to solve the crime. they passed by it assuming it was random trash ensuring that the case would never be solved.
greg understood that this situation would make michael terribly uncomfortable. michael simply had no idea what was about to come and even though greg could prevent it from happening, he opted to let it happen. it was quite ironic, really. it was something greg had said he would never wish upon anyone a million times, yet here he was knowingly letting it happen to one of his best friends. he rationalized that it would ultimately make michael a better person and that no matter how uncomfortable, everyone should experience racism at least once in their lifetime.
she had been told time and time again that the most important steps were the first and the last. it was something that she carried within her in everything she did, but then he showed up and disrupted everything. he told her that she had it wrong. the first step wasn't the most important. the last step wasn't the most important. it was the next step that was the most important.
he watched as the young man tried to impress everyone in the room with his intelligence. there was no doubt that he was smart. the fact that he was more intelligent than anyone else in the room could have been easily deduced, but nobody was really paying any attention due to the fact that it was also obvious that the young man only cared about his intelligence.
it was always the monday mornings. it never seemed to happen on tuesday morning, wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week. but it happened every monday morning like clockwork. he mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case.
there weren't supposed to be dragons flying in the sky. first and foremost, dragons didn't exist. they were mythical creatures from fantasy books like unicorns. this was something that pete knew in his heart to be true so he was having a difficult time acknowledging that there were actually fire-breathing dragons flying in the sky above him.
one dollar and eighty-seven cents. that was all. and sixty cents of it was in pennies. pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one's cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied. one dollar and eighty-seven cents. and the next day would be christmas...
there wasn't a whole lot more that could be done. it had become a wait-and-see situation with the final results no longer in her control. that didn't stop her from trying to control the situation. she demanded that things be done as she desperately tried to control what couldn't be.
"it's never good to give them details," janice told her sister. "always be a little vague and keep them guessing." her sister listened intently and nodded in agreement. she didn't fully understand what her sister was saying but that didn't matter. she loved her so much that she would have agreed to whatever came out of her mouth.
then came the night of the first falling star. it was seen early in the morning, rushing over winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star. it seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him.
"so, what do you think?" he asked nervously. he wanted to know the answer, but at the same time, he didn't. he'd put his heart and soul into the project and he wasn't sure he'd be able to recover if they didn't like what he produced. the silence from the others in the room seemed to last a lifetime even though it had only been a moment since he asked the question. "so, what do you think?" he asked again.
no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened. it didn't even really make sense to him. all he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move. it was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene. he knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth.
hopes and dreams were dashed that day. it should have been expected, but it still came as a shock. the warning signs had been ignored in favor of the possibility, however remote, that it could actually happen. that possibility had grown from hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny. that was until it wasn't and the hopes and dreams came crashing down.
it was the first day of the rest of her life. this wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward. although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing. her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend. she threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life.
what were the chances? it would have to be a lot more than KJJ to K. it was likely even more than K,JJJ to K. the more he thought about it, the odds of it happening had to be more than KJ,JJJ to K and even KJJ,JJJ to K. people often threw around the chances of something happening as being K,JJJ,JJJ to K as an exaggeration of an unlikely event, but he could see that they may actually be accurate in this situation. whatever the odds of it happening, he knew they were big. what he didn't know was whether this happening was lucky or unlucky.
i inadvertently went to see's candy last week Bi was in the mall looking for phone repair,, and as it turns out, see's candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- for even the simplest of their wee confection offerings. i bought two chocolate lollipops and two chocolate-caramel-almond things. the total cost was four-something. i mean, the candies were tasty and all, but let's be real: a snickers bar is fifty cents. after this dollar-per-candy revelation, i may not find myself wandering dreamily back into a see's candy any time soon.
there once lived an old man and an old woman who were peasants and had to work hard to earn their daily bread. the old man used to go to fix fences and do other odd jobs for the farmers around, and while he was gone the old woman, his wife, did the work of the house and worked in their own little plot of land.
debbie knew she was being selfish and unreasonable. she understood why the others in the room were angry and frustrated with her and the way she was acting. in her eyes, it didn't really matter how they felt because she simply didn't care.
the day had begun on a bright note. the sun finally peeked through the rain for the first time in a week, and the birds were singing in its warmth. there was no way to anticipate what was about to happen. it was a worst-case scenario and there was no way out of it.
matt told her to reach for the stars, but veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received. sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it.
do you think you're living an ordinary life? you are so mistaken it's difficult to even explain. the mere fact that you exist makes you extraordinary. the odds of you existing are less than winning the lottery, but here you are. are you going to let this extraordinary opportunity pass?
the house was located at the top of the hill at the end of a winding road. it wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed. they were just all too afraid to ever go and see it in person.
the towels had been hanging from the rod for years. they were stained and worn, and quite frankly, just plain ugly. debra didn't want to touch them but she really didn't have a choice. it was important for her to see what was living within them.
the headache wouldn't go away. she's taken medicine but even that didn't help. the monstrous throbbing in her head continued. she had this happen to her only once before in her life and she realized that only one thing could be happening.
many people say that life isn't like a bed of roses. i beg to differ. i think that life is quite like a bed of roses. just like life, a bed of roses looks pretty on the outside, but when you're in it, you find that it is nothing but thorns and pain. i myself have been pricked quite badly.
the choice was red, green, or blue. it didn't seem like an important choice when he was making it, but it was a choice nonetheless. had he known the consequences at that time, he would likely have considered the choice a bit longer. in the end, he didn't and ended up choosing blue. there was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe. all one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty. yet bob didn't see another option. he may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have. a choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly.
the irony of the situation hadn't escaped her. she had taken years to sculpt the perfect persona with the perfect look that she shared on instagram. she knew her hundreds of thousands of followers envied that life she showed and stayed engaged with her because they wanted that life too. the truth was that she wanted the perfect life she portrayed more than any of her fans. the fact was that despite all the perfection she shared on social media, her life was actually more of a mess than most.
i love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as i begin to shape the log in front of me. the sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut i am making. the smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique. the water is sprayed out as i cut through the different layers of wood. a log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools. i have those hands and imagination. i use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object. that is why i enjoy turning wood.
no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened. it didn't even really make sense to him. all he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move. it was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene. he knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth.
she didn't like the food. she never did. she made the usual complaints and started the tantrum he knew was coming. but this time was different. instead of trying to placate her and her unreasonable demands, he just stared at her and watched her meltdown without saying a word.
the red line moved across the page. with each millimeter it advanced forward, something changed in the room. the actual change taking place was difficult to perceive, but the change was real. the red line continued relentlessly across the page and the room would never be the same.
trees. it was something about the trees. the way they swayed with the wind in unison. the way they shaded the area around them. the sounds of their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the branches as they sway, the trees were making a statement that i just couldn't understand.
she wanted rainbow hair. that's what she told the hairdresser. it should be deep rainbow colors, too. she wasn't interested in pastel rainbow hair. she wanted it deep and vibrant so there was no doubt that she had done this on purpose.
he picked up the burnt end of the branch and made a mark on the stone. day OL if the marks on the stone were accurate. he couldn't be sure. day and nights had begun to blend together creating confusion, but he knew it was a long time. much too long.
hopes and dreams were dashed that day. it should have been expected, but it still came as a shock. the warning signs had been ignored in favor of the possibility, however remote, that it could actually happen. that possibility had grown from hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny. that was until it wasn't and the hopes and dreams came crashing down.
don't be scared. the things out there that are unknown aren't scary in themselves. they are just unknown at the moment. take the time to know them before you list them as scary. then the world will be a much less scary place for you.
it was a scrape that he hardly noticed. sure, there was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to most of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on his adventures. there was no way he could know that the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic material on it that was now racing through his bloodstream. he felt perfectly normal and continued his adventure with no knowledge of what was about to happen to him.
it had been a late night. to be more correct, it had been an early morning. it was now M:JJ am and george was just getting home. he wasn't sure if it had been worth it. he was supposed to have been finished by KJ:JJ pm, but his boss had implored him to stay and help when it was clear they weren't going to meet the KJ:JJ pm target time. so, he had stayed an extra O hours and lost a good night's sleep for something he didn't really believe in, but he did anyway because he was afraid if he refused he might lose his job.
indescribable oppression, which seemed to generate in some unfamiliar part of her consciousness, filled her whole being with a vague anguish. it was like a shadow, like a mist passing across her soul's summer day. it was strange and unfamiliarU it was a mood. she did not sit there inwardly upbraiding her husband, lamenting at fate, which had directed her footsteps to the path which they had taken. she was just having a good cry all to herself. the mosquitoes made merry over her, biting her firm, round arms and nipping at her bare insteps.
debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach. she wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air. she shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or two more down the hole. her fingers still touched nothing but air.
do you really listen when you are talking with someone? i have a friend who listens in an unforgiving way. she actually takes every word you say as being something important and when you have a friend that listens like that, words take on a whole new meaning.
he had done everything right. there had been no mistakes throughout the entire process. it had been perfection and he knew it without a doubt, but the results still stared back at him with the fact that he had lost.
nobody really understood kevin. it wasn't that he was super strange or difficult. it was more that there wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him. this was a shame as kevin had many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had. it was even more of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if kevin offered to give them the answers. so, kevin remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself.
there was only one way to do things in the statton house. that one way was to do exactly what the father, charlie, demanded. he made the decisions and everyone else followed without question. that was until today.
if you can imagine a furry humanoid seven feet tall, with the face of an intelligent gorilla and the braincase of a man, you'll have a rough idea of what they looked like -- except for their teeth. the canines would have fitted better in the face of a tiger, and showed at the corners of their wide, thin-lipped mouths, giving them an expression of ferocity.
brock would have never dared to do it on his own he thought to himself. that is why kenneth and he had become such good friends. kenneth forced brock out of his comfort zone and made him try new things he'd never imagine doing otherwise. up to this point, this had been a good thing. it had expanded brock's experiences and given him a new appreciation for life. now that both of them were in the back of a police car, all brock could think was that he would have never dared do it except for the influence of kenneth.
the bridge spanning a KJJ-foot gully stood in front of him as the last obstacle blocking him from reaching his destination. while people may have called it a "bridge", the reality was it was nothing more than splintered wooden planks held together by rotting ropes. it was questionable whether it would hold the weight of a child, let alone the weight of a grown man. the problem was there was no other way across the gully, and this played into his calculations of whether or not it was worth the risk of trying to cross it.
he wondered if he should disclose the truth to his friends. it would be a risky move. yes, the truth would make things a lot easier if they all stayed on the same page, but the truth might fracture the group leaving everything in even more of a mess than it was not telling the truth. it was time to decide which way to go.
dave found joy in the daily routine of life. he awoke at the same time, ate the same breakfast and drove the same commute. he worked at a job that never seemed to change and he got home at P pm sharp every night. it was who he had been for the last ten years and he had no idea that was all about to change.
he was an expert but not in a discipline that anyone could fully appreciate. he knew how to hold the cone just right so that the soft server ice-cream fell into it at the precise angle to form a perfect cone each and every time. it had taken years to perfect and he could now do it without even putting any thought behind it. nobody seemed to fully understand the beauty of this accomplishment except for the new worker who watched in amazement.
brenda never wanted to be famous. while most of her friends dreamed about being famous, she could see the negative aspects that those who wanted to be famous seemed to ignore. the fact that you could never do anything in public without being mobbed and the complete lack of privacy was something that she never wanted to experience. she also had no desire to have strangers speculating about every aspect of her life and what each thing she did was supposed to mean. brenda was perfectly happy with her anonymous life where she could do exactly as she wanted without anyone else giving a damn. thus, her overnight internet celebrity was not something she was thrilled about as her friends told her how lucky she was.
the boy walked down the street in a carefree way, playing without notice of what was about him. he didn't hear the sound of the car as his ball careened into the road. he took a step toward it, and in doing so sealed his fate.
the piano sat silently in the corner of the room. nobody could remember the last time it had been played. the little girl walked up to it and hit a few of the keys. the sound of the piano rang throughout the house for the first time in years. in the upstairs room, confined to her bed, the owner of the house had tears in her eyes.
eating raw fish didn't sound like a good idea. "it's a delicacy in japan," didn't seem to make it any more appetizing. raw fish is raw fish, delicacy or not.
there was something in the sky. what exactly was up there wasn't immediately clear. but there was definitely something in the sky and it was getting bigger and bigger.
matt told her to reach for the stars, but veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received. sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it.
april seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices. she looked at her bed and what a mess it had become. how did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night?
the clowns had taken over. and yes, they were literally clowns. over KJJ had appeared out of a small vw bug that had been driven up to the bank. now they were all inside and had taken it over.
devon couldn't figure out the color of her eyes. he initially would have guessed that they were green, but the more he looked at them he almost wanted to say they were a golden yellow. then there were the flashes of red and orange that seemed to be streaked throughout them. it was almost as if her eyes were made of opal with the sun constantly glinting off of them and bringing out more color. they were definitely the most unusual pair of eyes he'd ever seen.
he knew what he was supposed to do. that had been apparent from the beginning. that was what made the choice so difficult. what he was supposed to do and what he would do were not the same. this would have been fine if he were willing to face the inevitable consequences, but he wasn't.
there was a time and a place for stephanie to use her magic. the problem was that she had a difficult time determining this. she wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences. unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time.
it had been a rough day. things hadn't gone as planned and that meant hannah got yelled at by her boss. it didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault. when things went wrong at work, hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances. it wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had.
she was in a hurry. not the standard hurry when you're in a rush to get someplace, but a frantic hurry. the type of hurry where a few seconds could mean life or death. she raced down the road ignoring speed limits and weaving between cars. she was only a few minutes away when traffic came to a dead standstill on the road ahead.
it really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve. that's what he kept trying to convince himself. she was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome. he already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make. the question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve.
the red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox. it had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well. the other toys grumbled beneath. at one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box.
there was nothing to indicate nancy was going to change the world. she looked like an average girl going to an average high school. it was the fact that everything about her seemed average that would end up becoming her superpower.
her eyebrows were a shade darker than her hair. they were thick and almost horizontal, emphasizing the depth of her eyes. she was rather handsome than beautiful. her face was captivating by reason of a certain frankness of expression and a contradictory subtle play of features. her manner was engaging.
"it doesn't take much to touch someone's heart," daisy said with a smile on her face. "it's often just the little things you do that can change a person's day for the better." daisy truly believed this to be the way the world worked, but she didn't understand that she was merely a robot that had been programmed to believe this.
it was the best compliment that he'd ever received although the person who gave it likely never knew. it had been an off-hand observation on his ability to hold a conversation and actually add pertinent information to it on practically any topic. although he hadn't consciously strived to be able to do so, he'd started to voraciously read the news when he couldn't keep up on topics his friends discussed because their conversations went above his head. the fact that someone had noticed enough to compliment him that he could talk intelligently about many topics meant that he had succeeded in his quest to be better informed.
it all started with a random letter. several of those were joined forces to create a random word. the words decided to get together and form a random sentence. they decided not to stop there and it wasn't long before a random paragraph had been cobbled together. the question was whether or not they could continue the momentum long enough to create a random short story.
it was just a burger. why couldn't she understand that? she knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? she wasn't even supposed to have found out. yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger.
where do they get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate button. do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? at that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same.
there were little things that she simply could not stand. the sound of someone tapping their nails on the table. a person chewing with their mouth open. another human imposing themselves into her space. she couldn't stand any of these things, but none of them compared to the number one thing she couldn't stand which topped all of them combined.
sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned. this had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it. he didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it. or at least he thought he had. all that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound.
it probably seemed trivial to most people, but it mattered to tracey. she wasn't sure why it mattered so much to her, but she understood deep within her being that it mattered to her. so for the MPOth day in a row, tracey sat down to eat pancakes for breakfast. it went through such rapid contortions that the little bear was forced to change his hold on it so many times he became confused in the darkness, and could not, for the life of him, tell whether he held the sheep right side up, or upside down. but that point was decided for him a moment later by the animal itself, who, with a sudden twist, jabbed its horns so hard into his lowest ribs that he gave a grunt of anger and disgust.
stormi is a dog. she is dark grey and has long legs. her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking. her tongue is long, pink, and wet. her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies. she can be a good dog, but also very bad. her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad. stormi is a dog i love.
the wolves stopped in their tracks, sizing up the mother and her cubs. it had been over a week since their last meal and they were getting desperate. the cubs would make a good meal, but there were high risks taking on the mother grizzly. a decision had to be made and the wrong choice could signal the end of the pack.
the paper was blank. it shouldn't have been. there should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more. the fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating. actually, it was even more than frustrating. it was downright distressing.
brock would have never dared to do it on his own he thought to himself. that is why kenneth and he had become such good friends. kenneth forced brock out of his comfort zone and made him try new things he'd never imagine doing otherwise. up to this point, this had been a good thing. it had expanded brock's experiences and given him a new appreciation for life. now that both of them were in the back of a police car, all brock could think was that he would have never dared do it except for the influence of kenneth.
the box sat on the desk next to the computer. it had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier. she didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been. as she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life.
you know that tingly feeling you get on the back of your neck sometimes? i just got that feeling when talking with her. you know i don't believe in sixth senses, but there is something not right with her. i don't know how i know, but i just do.
you can decide what you want to do in life, but i suggest doing something that creates. something that leaves a tangible thing once you're done. that way even after you're gone, you will still live on in the things you created.
waiting and watching. it was all she had done for the past weeks. when you're locked in a room with nothing but food and drink, that's about all you can do anyway. she watched as birds flew past the window bolted shut. she couldn't reach it if she wanted too, with that hole in the floor. she thought she could escape through it but three stories is a bit far down.
the headphones were on. they had been utilized on purpose. she could hear her mom yelling in the background, but couldn't make out exactly what the yelling was about. that was exactly why she had put them on. she knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, and she could pretend that she hadn't heard any of the previous yelling.
dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament. he ran through all the events that had lead to this current situation and it still didn't make sense. he wanted to spend some time to try and make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment. the first was how to get out of his current situation of being naked in a tree with snow falling all around and no way for him to get down.
there weren't supposed to be dragons flying in the sky. first and foremost, dragons didn't exist. they were mythical creatures from fantasy books like unicorns. this was something that pete knew in his heart to be true so he was having a difficult time acknowledging that there were actually fire-breathing dragons flying in the sky above him.
"it's never good to give them details," janice told her sister. "always be a little vague and keep them guessing." her sister listened intently and nodded in agreement. she didn't fully understand what her sister was saying but that didn't matter. she loved her so much that she would have agreed to whatever came out of her mouth.
there were two things that were important to tracey. the first was her dog. anyone that had ever met tracey knew how much she loved her dog. most would say that she treated it as her child. the dog went everywhere with her and it had been her best friend for the past five years. the second thing that was important to tracey, however, would be a lot more surprising to most people.
the kids were loud. they were way too loud for jerry, especially since this was a four-hour flight. the parents didn't seem to be able, or simply didn't want, to control them. they were yelling and fighting among themselves and it was impossible for any of the passengers to concentrate or rest. he thought about politely tapping on the parents' shoulders and asking them to try and get their kids under a bit more control, but before he did he came up with a better idea. sure, it was a bit sinister, and he'd probably end p in a lot of trouble, but he really didn't care at that point.
there was a reason for her shyness. everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better. she knew the exact moment that the shyness began. it had been that fateful moment at the lake. there are just some events that do that to you.
the words hadn't flowed from his fingers for the past few weeks. he never imagined he'd find himself with writer's block, but here he sat with a blank screen in front of him. that blank screen taunting him day after day had started to play with his mind. he didn't understand why he couldn't even type a single word, just one to begin the process and build from there. and yet, he already knew that the eight hours he was prepared to sit in front of his computer today would end with the screen remaining blank.
matt told her to reach for the stars, but veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received. sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it.
it was cloudy outside but not really raining. there was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella. this hadn't stopped sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it. it had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day. sarah used the umbrella to hide.
many people say that life isn't like a bed of roses. i beg to differ. i think that life is quite like a bed of roses. just like life, a bed of roses looks pretty on the outside, but when you're in it, you find that it is nothing but thorns and pain. i myself have been pricked quite badly.
"begin today;" that's all the note said. there was no indication from where it came or who may have written it. had it been meant for someone else? meghan looked around the room, but nobody made eye contact back. for a brief moment, she thought it might be a message for her to follow her dreams, but ultimately decided it was easier to ignore it as she crumpled it up and threw it away.
should he write it down? that was the question running through his mind. he couldn't believe what had just happened and he knew nobody else would believe him as well. even if he documented what had happened by writing it down, he still didn't believe anyone would still believe it. so the question remained. was it be worth it to actually write it down?
i guess we could discuss the implications of the phrase "meant to be." that is if we wanted to drown ourselves in a sea of backwardly referential semantics and other mumbo-jumbo. maybe such a discussion would result in the determination that "meant to be" is exactly as meaningless a phrase as it seems to be, and that none of us is actually meant to be doing anything at all. but that's my existential underpants underpinnings showing. it's the way the cookie crumbles. and now i want a cookie.
the towels had been hanging from the rod for years. they were stained and worn, and quite frankly, just plain ugly. debra didn't want to touch them but she really didn't have a choice. it was important for her to see what was living within them.
"so, what do you think?" he asked nervously. he wanted to know the answer, but at the same time, he didn't. he'd put his heart and soul into the project and he wasn't sure he'd be able to recover if they didn't like what he produced. the silence from the others in the room seemed to last a lifetime even though it had only been a moment since he asked the question. "so, what do you think?" he asked again.
he swung back the fishing pole and cast the line which ell LO feet away into the river. the lure landed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would soon get a bite. he never expected that the bite would come from behind in the form of a bear.
twenty-five hours had passed since the incident. it seemed to be a lot longer than that. that twenty-five hours seemed more like a week in her mind. the fact that she still was having trouble comprehending exactly what took place wasn't helping the matter. she thought if she could just get a little rest the entire incident might make a little more sense.
sometimes it's simply better to ignore the haters. that's the lesson that tom's dad had been trying to teach him, but tom still couldn't let it go. he latched onto them and their hate and couldn't let it go, but he also realized that this wasn't healthy. that's when he came up with his devious plan.
it all started with a random letter. several of those were joined forces to create a random word. the words decided to get together and form a random sentence. they decided not to stop there and it wasn't long before a random paragraph had been cobbled together. the question was whether or not they could continue the momentum long enough to create a random short story.
it wasn't quite yet time to panic. there was still time to salvage the situation. at least that is what she was telling himself. the reality was that it was time to panic and there wasn't time to salvage the situation, but he continued to delude himself into believing there was.
she patiently waited for his number to be called. she had no desire to be there, but her mom had insisted that she go. she's resisted at first, but over time she realized it was simply easier to appease her and go. mom tended to be that way. she would keep insisting until you wore down and did what she wanted. so, here she sat, patiently waiting for her number to be called.
there was a time and a place for stephanie to use her magic. the problem was that she had a difficult time determining this. she wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences. unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time.
the trees, therefore, must be such old and primitive techniques that they thought nothing of them, deeming them so inconsequential that even savages like us would know of them and not be suspicious. at that, they probably didn't have too much time after they detected us orbiting and intending to land. and if that were true, there could be only one place where their civilization was hidden.
there were a variety of ways to win the game. james had played it long enough to know most of them and he could see what his opponent was trying to do. there was a simple counterattack that james could use and the game should be his. he began deploying it with the confidence of a veteran player who had been in this situation a thousand times in the past. so, it was with great surprise when his opponent used a move he had never before seen or anticipated to easily defeat him in the game.
it was a scrape that he hardly noticed. sure, there was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to most of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on his adventures. there was no way he could know that the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic material on it that was now racing through his bloodstream. he felt perfectly normal and continued his adventure with no knowledge of what was about to happen to him.
there were about twenty people on the dam. most of them were simply walking and getting exercise. there were a few who were fishing. there was a family who had laid down a blanket and they were having a picnic. it was like this most days and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. the problem was that nobody noticed the water leaking through the dam wall.
the chair sat in the corner where it had been for over LO years. the only difference was there was someone actually sitting in it. how long had it been since someone had done that? ten years or more he imagined. yet there was no denying the presence in the chair now.
she needed glasses. it wasn't that she couldn't see without them, but what she could see with them. when she wore glasses, her eyes focused so deeply that she could see not only the physical but also beyond. it was like a superpower. but she needed glasses.
the bush began to shake. brad couldn't see what was causing it to shake, but he didn't care. he had a pretty good idea about what was going on and what was happening. he was so confident that he approached the bush carefree and with a smile on his face. that all changed the instant he realized what was actually behind the bush.
it was just a burger. why couldn't she understand that? she knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? she wasn't even supposed to have found out. yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger.
she closed her eyes and then opened them again. what she was seeing just didn't make sense. she shook her head seeing if that would help. it didn't. although it seemed beyond reality, there was no denying she was witnessing a large formation of alien spaceships filling the sky.
there was something in the sky. what exactly was up there wasn't immediately clear. but there was definitely something in the sky and it was getting bigger and bigger.
rhonda prided herself on always taking the path less traveled. she'd decided to do this at an early age and had continued to do so throughout her entire life. it was a point of pride and she would explain to anyone who would listen that doing so was something that she'd made great efforts to always do. she'd never questioned this decision until her five-year-old niece asked her, "so, is this why your life has been so difficult?" and rhonda didn't have an answer for her.
time is all relative based on age and experience. when you are a child an hour is a long time to wait but a very short time when that's all the time you are allowed on your ipad. as a teenager time goes faster the more deadlines you have and the more you procrastinate. as a young adult, you think you have forever to live and don't appreciate the time you spend with others. as a middle-aged adult, time flies by as you watch your children grow up. and finally, as you get old and you have fewer responsibilities and fewer demands on you, time slows. you appreciate each day and are thankful you are alive. an hour is the same amount of time for everyone yet it can feel so different in how it goes by.
the alarm went off and jake rose awake. rising early had become a daily ritual, one that he could not fully explain. from the outside, it was a wonder that he was able to get up so early each morning for someone who had absolutely no plans to be productive during the entire day.
the river slowly meandered through the open space. it had hidden secrets that it didn't want to reveal. it had a well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, and appealing. that's how the river lured her unknowing victims to her water's edge.
there were only two ways to get out of this mess if they all worked together. the problem was that neither was all that appealing. one would likely cause everyone a huge amount of physical pain while the other would likely end up with everyone in jail. in sam's mind, there was only one thing to do. he threw everyone else under the bus and he secretly sprinted away leaving the others to take the fall without him.
it was going to rain. the weather forecast didn't say that, but the steel plate in his hip did. he had learned over the years to trust his hip over the weatherman. it was going to rain, so he better get outside and prepare.
the time to take action was now. all three men knew in their hearts this was the case, yet none of them moved a muscle to try. they were all watching and waiting for one of the others to make the first move so they could follow a step or two behind and help. the situation demanded a leader and all three men were followers.
sitting in the sun, away from everyone who had done him harm in the past, he quietly listened to those who roamed by. he felt at peace in the moment, hoping it would last, but knowing the reprieve would soon come to an end. he closed his eyes, the sun beating down on face and he smiled. he smiled for the first time in as long as he could remember. she had been an angel for coming up on KJ years and in all that time nobody had told her this was possible. the fact that it could ever happen never even entered her mind. yet there she stood, with the undeniable evidence sitting on the ground before her. angels could lose their wings.
there was only one way to do things in the statton house. that one way was to do exactly what the father, charlie, demanded. he made the decisions and everyone else followed without question. that was until today.
sitting in the sun, away from everyone who had done him harm in the past, he quietly listened to those who roamed by. he felt at peace in the moment, hoping it would last, but knowing the reprieve would soon come to an end. he closed his eyes, the sun beating down on face and he smiled. he smiled for the first time in as long as he could remember.
there was something special about this little creature. donna couldn't quite pinpoint what it was, but she knew with all her heart that it was true. it wasn't a matter of if she was going to try and save it, but a matter of how she was going to save it. she went back to the car to get a blanket and when she returned the creature was gone.
she was in a hurry. not the standard hurry when you're in a rush to get someplace, but a frantic hurry. the type of hurry where a few seconds could mean life or death. she raced down the road ignoring speed limits and weaving between cars. she was only a few minutes away when traffic came to a dead standstill on the road ahead.
the tree missed the days the kids used to come by and play. it still wore the tire swing the kids had put up in its branches years ago although both the tire and the rope had seen better days. the tree had watched all the kids in the neighborhood grow up and leave, and it wondered if there would ever be a time when another child played and laughed again under its branches. that was the hope that the tree wished every day as the swing gently swung empty in the wind.
why do americans have so many different types of towels? we have beach towels, hand towels, bath towels, dish towels, camping towels, quick-dry towels, and let's not forget paper towels. would K type of towel work for each of these things? let's take a beach towel. it can be used to dry your hands and body with no difficulty. a beach towel could be used to dry dishes. just think how many dishes you could dry with one beach towel. i've used a beach towel with no adverse effects while camping. if you buy a thin beach towel it can dry quickly too. i'd probably cut up a beach towel to wipe down counters or for cleaning other items, but a full beach towel could be used too. is having so many types of towels an extravagant luxury that americans enjoy or is it necessary? i'd say it's overkill and we could cut down on the many types of towels that manufacturers deem necessary.
wandering down the path to the pond had become a daily routine. even when the weather wasn't cooperating like today with the wind and rain, jerry still took the morning stroll down the path until he reached the pond. although there didn't seem to be a particular reason jerry did this to anyone looking in from the outside, those who knew him well knew exactly what was going on. it could all be traced back to a specific incident that happened exactly O years previously.
he had three simple rules by which he lived. the first was to never eat blue food. there was nothing in nature that was edible that was blue. people often asked about blueberries, but everyone knows those are actually purple. he understood it was one of the stranger rules to live by, but it had served him well thus far in the OJ. years of his life.
it was supposed to be a dream vacation. they had planned it over a year in advance so that it would be perfect in every way. it had been what they had been looking forward to through all the turmoil and negativity around them. it had been the light at the end of both their tunnels. now that the dream vacation was only a week away, the virus had stopped all air travel.
they argue. while the argument seems to be different the truth is it's always the same. yes, the topic may be different or the circumstances, but when all said and done, it all came back to the same thing. they both knew it, but neither has the courage or strength to address the underlying issue. so they continue to argue.
the lone lamp post of the one-street town flickered, not quite dead but definitely on its way out. suitcase by her side, she paid no heed to the light, the street or the town. a car was coming down the street and with her arm outstretched and thumb in the air, she had a plan.
peter always saw the world in black and white. there were two choices for every situation and you had to choose one of them. it was therefore terribly uncomfortable for him to spend time with ashley. she saw the world in shades of gray with hundreds of choices to choose from in every situation.
the red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox. it had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well. the other toys grumbled beneath. at one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box.
there was something in the tree. it was difficult to tell from the ground, but rachael could see movement. she squinted her eyes and peered in the direction of the movement, trying to decipher exactly what she had spied. the more she peered, however, the more she thought it might be a figment of her imagination. nothing seemed to move until the moment she began to take her eyes off the tree. then in the corner of her eye, she would see the movement again and begin the process of staring again.
no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened. it didn't even really make sense to him. all he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move. it was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene. he knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth.
finding the truth wouldn't be easy, that's for sure. then there was the question of whether or not jane really wanted to know the truth. that's the thing that bothered her most. it wasn't the difficulty of actually finding out what happened that was the obstacle, but having to live with that information once it was found.
the trees, therefore, must be such old and primitive techniques that they thought nothing of them, deeming them so inconsequential that even savages like us would know of them and not be suspicious. at that, they probably didn't have too much time after they detected us orbiting and intending to land. and if that were true, there could be only one place where their civilization was hidden.
was it enough? that was the question he kept asking himself. was being satisfied enough? he looked around him at everyone yearning to just be satisfied in their daily life and he had reached that goal. he knew that he was satisfied and he also knew it wasn't going to be enough.
i don't like cats and they don't like me. i used to be allergic to them and i would get stuffed up and have hives. that doesn't seem to happen anymore. but i still don't like them. i lived with M cats that were not good at peeing in the litter box. they seemed to find something important to me and pee on it. most of the time they peed on photographs or papers that would be ruined. cats also bring fleas into the house. there is nothing worse than having to flea dip cats and also flea bomb a home. that is why i don't like cats.
"ingredients for life," said the backside of the truck. they mean food, but really food is only K ingredient of life. life has so many more ingredients such as pain, happiness, laughter, joy, tears, and smiles. life also has hard work, easy play, sleepless nights, and sunbathing by the ocean. love, hatred, envy, self-assurance, and fear could be just down aisle M ready to be bought when needed. how i wish i could pull ingredients like these off shelves in a store.
i checked in for the night at out o the way motel. what a bad choice that was. first i took a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain. next, the towel rack fell down when i reached for the one small bath towel. this allowed the towel to fall halfway into the toilet. i tried to watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wouldn't stop scrolling through the channels. i gave up for the night and crawled into bed. i stretched out my leg and felt something furry by my foot. filled with fear, i reached down and to my surprise, i pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear. after my initial relief that it wasn't alive, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon skin briefs filled my brain. i jumped out of the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted towards my car.
they had no proof. he knew that they knew he had done it but they didn't have any proof. it was a huge distinction and it was the difference between him keeping his freedom or being locked away for decades. they continued to question him, probing him for information that they could use against him or find the proof they needed to put him away. he smiled and continued to block their every inquiry by feigning his innocence for a crime they all knew he committed.
what have you noticed today? i noticed that if you outline the eyes, nose, and mouth on your face with your finger, you make an "i" which makes perfect sense, but is something i never noticed before. what have you noticed today?
i inadvertently went to see's candy last week Bi was in the mall looking for phone repair,, and as it turns out, see's candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- for even the simplest of their wee confection offerings. i bought two chocolate lollipops and two chocolate-caramel-almond things. the total cost was four-something. i mean, the candies were tasty and all, but let's be real: a snickers bar is fifty cents. after this dollar-per-candy revelation, i may not find myself wandering dreamily back into a see's candy any time soon.
time is all relative based on age and experience. when you are a child an hour is a long time to wait but a very short time when that's all the time you are allowed on your ipad. as a teenager time goes faster the more deadlines you have and the more you procrastinate. as a young adult, you think you have forever to live and don't appreciate the time you spend with others. as a middle-aged adult, time flies by as you watch your children grow up. and finally, as you get old and you have fewer responsibilities and fewer demands on you, time slows. you appreciate each day and are thankful you are alive. an hour is the same amount of time for everyone yet it can feel so different in how it goes by.
the headache wouldn't go away. she's taken medicine but even that didn't help. the monstrous throbbing in her head continued. she had this happen to her only once before in her life and she realized that only one thing could be happening.
where do they get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate button. do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? at that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same.
the towels had been hanging from the rod for years. they were stained and worn, and quite frankly, just plain ugly. debra didn't want to touch them but she really didn't have a choice. it was important for her to see what was living within them.
he read about a hike called the incline in the guidebook. it said it was a strenuous hike and to bring plenty of water. "a beautiful hike to the clouds" described one review. "not for the faint-hearted," said another. "not too bad of a workout", bragged a third review. i thought i'd hike it when i fly in from maryland on my day off from the senior citizen's wellness conference. i hiked L miles a day around the neighborhood so i could handle a K.K-mile hike. what a foolish mistake that was for a :J-year-old low-lander.
the light was out on the front porch of the house. this was strange. judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever seen it out. she hopped out of her car and walked to the door. it was slightly ajar and she knew this meant something terrible. she gently pushed the door open and hall her fears were realized. "surprise; happy birthday;" everyone shouted.
the young man wanted a role model. he looked long and hard in his youth, but that role model never materialized. his only choice was to embrace all the people in his life he didn't want to be like.
he heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears. although it was soft and calming, he was wary. it seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on. he wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap.
it really didn't matter what they did to him. he's already made up his mind. whatever came his way, he was prepared for the consequences. he knew in his heart that the sacrifice he made was done with love and not hate no matter how others decided to spin it.
it all started with the computer. had he known what was to follow, he would have never logged on that day. but the truth was there was no way to know what was about to happen. so dave pressed the start button, the computer booted up, the screen came alive, and everything dave knew to be true no longer was.
he couldn't remember exactly where he had read it, but he was sure that he had. the fact that she didn't believe him was quite frustrating as he began to search the internet to find the article. it wasn't as if it was something that seemed impossible. yet she insisted on always seeing the source whenever he stated a fact.
she needed glasses. it wasn't that she couldn't see without them, but what she could see with them. when she wore glasses, her eyes focused so deeply that she could see not only the physical but also beyond. it was like a superpower. but she needed glasses.
the leather jacked showed the scars of being his favorite for years. it wore those scars with pride, feeling that they enhanced his presence rather than diminishing it. the scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed to the point that it had become ratty. the jacket was in its prime and it knew it.
the light blinded him. it was dark and he thought he was the only one in the area, but the light shining in his eyes proved him wrong. it came from about KJJ feet away and was shining so directly into his eyes he couldn't make out anything about the person holding the light. there was only one thing to do in this situation. he reached into his pocket and pulled out a flashlight of his own that was much stronger than the one currently blinding him. he turned it on and pointed it into the stranger's eyes.
dragons don't exist they said. they are the stuff of legend and people's imagination. greg would have agreed with this assessment without a second thought LN hours ago. but now that there was a dragon staring directly into his eyes, he questioned everything that he had been told.
many people say that life isn't like a bed of roses. i beg to differ. i think that life is quite like a bed of roses. just like life, a bed of roses looks pretty on the outside, but when you're in it, you find that it is nothing but thorns and pain. i myself have been pricked quite badly.
it was just a burger. why couldn't she understand that? she knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? she wasn't even supposed to have found out. yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger.
you're going to make a choice today that will have a direct impact on where you are five years from now. the truth is, you'll make choice like that every day of your life. the problem is that on most days, you won't know the choice you make will have such a huge impact on your life in the future. so if you want to end up in a certain place in the future, you need to be careful of the choices you make today.
a two-inch layer of freshly fallen snow covered the yard. stacey peeked outside. to most, it would have been a beautiful sight worthy of taking a photo to put on instagram. for stacey, it meant something different. the first snow of the year brought back the witches as the fairies in the yard had to seek shelter to avoid the cold.
i guess we could discuss the implications of the phrase "meant to be." that is if we wanted to drown ourselves in a sea of backwardly referential semantics and other mumbo-jumbo. maybe such a discussion would result in the determination that "meant to be" is exactly as meaningless a phrase as it seems to be, and that none of us is actually meant to be doing anything at all. but that's my existential underpants underpinnings showing. it's the way the cookie crumbles. and now i want a cookie.
there was only half a worm in the apple. at first, judy didn't quite comprehend what this meant. "why would only half a worm be living in an apple?" she wondered. and then it dawned on her. judy quickly spit out the bite she had just taken expecting to see the other half of the worm. it ended up being much worse than that.
it's not his fault. i know you're going to want to, but you can't blame him. he really has no idea how it happened. i kept trying to come up with excuses i could say to mom that would keep her calm when she found out what happened, but the more i tried, the more i could see none of them would work. he was going to get her wrath and there was nothing i could say to prevent it.
it was the first day of the rest of her life. this wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward. although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing. her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend. she threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life.
green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy. ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore. at least this was the way it was supposed to be. something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway.
since they are still preserved in the rocks for us to see, they must have been formed quite recently, that is, geologically speaking. what can explain these striations and their common orientation? did you ever hear about the great ice age or the pleistocene epoch? less than one million years ago, in fact, some KL,JJJ years ago, an ice sheet many thousands of feet thick rode over burke mountain in a southeastward direction. the many boulders frozen to the underside of the ice sheet tended to scratch the rocks over which they rode. the scratches or striations seen in the park rocks were caused by these attached boulders. the ice sheet also plucked and rounded burke mountain into the shape it possesses today. what have you noticed today? i noticed that if you outline the eyes, nose, and mouth on your face with your finger, you make an "i" which makes perfect sense, but is something i never noticed before. what have you noticed today?
he heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears. although it was soft and calming, he was wary. it seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on. he wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap.
her hair was a tangled mess which she tried to make presentable by putting in a lump on the top of her head. it didn't really work although it was a valiant attempt. while most people simply noticed the tangled mess on top of her head, what most people failed to understand that within the tangles mess was an entirely new year. that was her secret. she kept worlds on top of her head.
josh had spent year and year accumulating the information. he knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone looking for an expert in the field, josh would be the one to call. the problem was that there was nobody interested in the information besides him and he knew it. years of information painstakingly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving even an ounce of interest in the topic.
she had come to the conclusion that you could tell a lot about a person by their ears. the way they stuck out and the size of the earlobes could give you wonderful insights into the person. of course, she couldn't scientifically prove any of this, but that didn't matter to her. before anything else, she would size up the ears of the person she was talking to.
at that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider. "i could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." he tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent. it didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to.
brock would have never dared to do it on his own he thought to himself. that is why kenneth and he had become such good friends. kenneth forced brock out of his comfort zone and made him try new things he'd never imagine doing otherwise. up to this point, this had been a good thing. it had expanded brock's experiences and given him a new appreciation for life. now that both of them were in the back of a police car, all brock could think was that he would have never dared do it except for the influence of kenneth.
she didn't like the food. she never did. she made the usual complaints and started the tantrum he knew was coming. but this time was different. instead of trying to placate her and her unreasonable demands, he just stared at her and watched her meltdown without saying a word.
twenty-five years dana had been waiting. she tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like. but today the opportunity had finally come. the thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen. she didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside.
debbie had taken george for granted for more than fifteen years now. he wasn't sure what exactly had made him choose this time and place to address the issue, but he decided that now was the time. he looked straight into her eyes and just as she was about to speak, turned away and walked out the door.
"what is the best way to get what you want?" she asked. he looked down at the ground knowing that she wouldn't like his answer. he hesitated, knowing that the truth would only hurt. how was he going to tell her that the best way for him to get what he wanted was to leave her?
the headphones were on. they had been utilized on purpose. she could hear her mom yelling in the background, but couldn't make out exactly what the yelling was about. that was exactly why she had put them on. she knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, and she could pretend that she hadn't heard any of the previous yelling.
the kids were loud. they were way too loud for jerry, especially since this was a four-hour flight. the parents didn't seem to be able, or simply didn't want, to control them. they were yelling and fighting among themselves and it was impossible for any of the passengers to concentrate or rest. he thought about politely tapping on the parents' shoulders and asking them to try and get their kids under a bit more control, but before he did he came up with a better idea. sure, it was a bit sinister, and he'd probably end p in a lot of trouble, but he really didn't care at that point.
she sat in the darkened room waiting. it was now a standoff. he had the power to put her in the room, but not the power to make her repent. it wasn't fair and no matter how long she had to endure the darkness, she wouldn't change her attitude. at three years old, sandy's stubborn personality had already bloomed into full view.
ten more steps. if he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move. he tried to will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain. ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it.
the cab arrived late. the inside was in as bad of shape as the outside which was concerning, and it didn't appear that it had been cleaned in months. the green tree air-freshener hanging from the rearview mirror was either exhausted of its scent or not strong enough to overcome the other odors emitting from the cab. the correct decision, in this case, was to get the hell out of it and to call another cab, but she was late and didn't have a choice.
it was difficult for him to admit he was wrong. he had been so certain that he was correct and the deeply held belief could never be shaken. yet the proof that he had been incorrect stood right before his eyes. "see daddy, i told you that they are real;" his daughter excitedly proclaimed.
debbie knew she was being selfish and unreasonable. she understood why the others in the room were angry and frustrated with her and the way she was acting. in her eyes, it didn't really matter how they felt because she simply didn't care.
it was their first date and she had been looking forward to it the entire week. she had her eyes on him for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme with several friends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the hint and asked her out. after all the time and effort she'd invested into it, she never thought that it would be anything but wonderful. it goes without saying that things didn't work out quite as she expected.
the chair sat in the corner where it had been for over LO years. the only difference was there was someone actually sitting in it. how long had it been since someone had done that? ten years or more he imagined. yet there was no denying the presence in the chair now.
she tried not to judge him. his ratty clothes and unkempt hair made him look homeless. was he really the next einstein as she had been told? on the off chance it was true, she continued to try not to judge him.
they rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need. there was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind. everything was thrown into the car and they sped off. thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all.
there was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe. all one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty. yet bob didn't see another option. he may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have. a choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly.
he heard the crack echo in the late afternoon about a mile away. his heart started racing and he bolted into a full sprint. "it wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeated under his breathlessness as he continued to sprint.
they needed to find a place to eat. the kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they didn't find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown. even knowing this, the solution wasn't easy. everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others. it seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown. yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly.
hopes and dreams were dashed that day. it should have been expected, but it still came as a shock. the warning signs had been ignored in favor of the possibility, however remote, that it could actually happen. that possibility had grown from hope to an undeniable belief it must be destiny. that was until it wasn't and the hopes and dreams came crashing down.
there was only half a worm in the apple. at first, judy didn't quite comprehend what this meant. "why would only half a worm be living in an apple?" she wondered. and then it dawned on her. judy quickly spit out the bite she had just taken expecting to see the other half of the worm. it ended up being much worse than that.
she was in a hurry. not the standard hurry when you're in a rush to get someplace, but a frantic hurry. the type of hurry where a few seconds could mean life or death. she raced down the road ignoring speed limits and weaving between cars. she was only a few minutes away when traffic came to a dead standstill on the road ahead.
he dropped the ball. while most people would think that this was a metaphor of some type, in joe's case it was absolutely literal. he had hopes of reaching the major league and that dream was now it great jeopardy. all because he had dropped the ball.
patricia's friend who was here hardly had any issues at all, but she wasn't telling the truth. yesterday, before she left to go home, she heard that her husband is in the hospital and pretended to be surprised. it later came out that she was the person who had put him there.
do you really listen when you are talking with someone? i have a friend who listens in an unforgiving way. she actually takes every word you say as being something important and when you have a friend that listens like that, words take on a whole new meaning.
there was something in the tree. it was difficult to tell from the ground, but rachael could see movement. she squinted her eyes and peered in the direction of the movement, trying to decipher exactly what she had spied. the more she peered, however, the more she thought it might be a figment of her imagination. nothing seemed to move until the moment she began to take her eyes off the tree. then in the corner of her eye, she would see the movement again and begin the process of staring again.
stormi is a dog. she is dark grey and has long legs. her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking. her tongue is long, pink, and wet. her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies. she can be a good dog, but also very bad. her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad. stormi is a dog i love.
there wasn't a whole lot more that could be done. it had become a wait-and-see situation with the final results no longer in her control. that didn't stop her from trying to control the situation. she demanded that things be done as she desperately tried to control what couldn't be.
it's always good to bring a slower friend with you on a hike. if you happen to come across bears, the whole group doesn't have to worry. only the slowest in the group do. that was the lesson they were about to learn that day.
love isn't always a ray of sunshine. that's what the older girls kept telling her when she said she had found the perfect man. she had thought this was simply bitter talk on their part since they had been unable to find true love like hers. but now she had to face the fact that they may have been right. love may not always be a ray of sunshine. that is unless they were referring to how the sun can burn.
patrick didn't want to go. the fact that she was insisting they must go made him want to go even less. he had no desire to make small talk with strangers he would never again see just to be polite. but she insisted that patrick go, and she would soon find out that this would be the biggest mistake she could make in their relationship.
sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned. this had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it. he didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it. or at least he thought he had. all that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound.
the blinking light caught her attention. she thought about it a bit and couldn't remember ever noticing it before. that was strange since it was obvious the flashing light had been there for years. now she wondered how she missed it for that amount of time and what other things in her small town she had failed to notice.
she had been told time and time again that the most important steps were the first and the last. it was something that she carried within her in everything she did, but then he showed up and disrupted everything. he told her that she had it wrong. the first step wasn't the most important. the last step wasn't the most important. it was the next step that was the most important.
the paper was blank. it shouldn't have been. there should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more. the fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating. actually, it was even more than frustrating. it was downright distressing.
all he could think about was how it would all end. there was still a bit of uncertainty in the equation, but the basics were there for anyone to see. no matter how much he tried to see the positive, it wasn't anywhere to be seen. the end was coming and it wasn't going to be pretty.
it's not his fault. i know you're going to want to, but you can't blame him. he really has no idea how it happened. i kept trying to come up with excuses i could say to mom that would keep her calm when she found out what happened, but the more i tried, the more i could see none of them would work. he was going to get her wrath and there was nothing i could say to prevent it.
he picked up the burnt end of the branch and made a mark on the stone. day OL if the marks on the stone were accurate. he couldn't be sure. day and nights had begun to blend together creating confusion, but he knew it was a long time. much too long.
betty decided to write a short story and she was sure it was going to be amazing. she had already written it in her head and each time she thought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowing how wonderful it would be. she could imagine the accolades coming in and the praise she would receive for creating such a wonderful piece. she was therefore extremely frustrated when she actually sat down to write the short story and the story that was so beautiful inside her head refused to come out that way on paper.
it was just a burger. why couldn't she understand that? she knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? she wasn't even supposed to have found out. yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger.
then came the night of the first falling star. it was seen early in the morning, rushing over winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star. it seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him.
he scolded himself for being so tentative. he knew he shouldn't be so cautious, but there was a sixth sense telling him that things weren't exactly as they appeared. it was that weird chill that rolls up your neck and makes the hair stand on end. he knew that being so tentative could end up costing him the job, but he learned that listening to his sixth sense usually kept him from getting into a lot of trouble.
"are you getting my texts???" she texted to him. he glanced at it and chuckled under his breath. of course he was getting them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? he put the phone down and continued on his project. he was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so.
it really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve. that's what he kept trying to convince himself. she was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome. he already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make. the question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve. the wave roared towards them with speed and violence they had not anticipated. they both turned to run but by that time it was too late. the wave crashed into their legs sweeping both of them off of their feet. they now found themselves in a washing machine of saltwater, getting tumbled and not know what was up or down. both were scared, not knowing how this was going to end, but it was by far the best time of the trip thus far.
terrance knew that sometimes it was simply best to stay out of it. he kept repeating this to himself as he watched the scene unfold. he knew that nothing good would come of him getting involved. it was far better for him to stay on the sidelines and observe. he kept yelling this to himself inside his head as he walked over to the couple and punched the man in the face.
to the two friends, the treehouse was much more than a treehouse. it was a sanctuary away from the other kids where they could be themselves without being teased or bullied. it was their secret fortress hidden high in the branches of a huge oak that only they knew existed. at least that is what they thought. they were more than a little annoyed when their two younger sisters decided to turn the treehouse into a princess castle by painting the inside pink and putting glitter everywhere.
she patiently waited for his number to be called. she had no desire to be there, but her mom had insisted that she go. she's resisted at first, but over time she realized it was simply easier to appease her and go. mom tended to be that way. she would keep insisting until you wore down and did what she wanted. so, here she sat, patiently waiting for her number to be called.
twenty-five years dana had been waiting. she tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like. but today the opportunity had finally come. the thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen. she didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside.
housework could be everyone's work, not just "women's work". why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own. my friend's husband claimed he didn't know that sheets should be washed more than once a season. he said he didn't know one had to clean toilets. he assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves. she tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook. wouldn't it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is "just bad at it". my sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets. hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided.
this is important to remember. love isn't like pie. you don't need to divide it among all your friends and loved ones. no matter how much love you give, you can always give more. it doesn't run out, so don't try to hold back giving it as if it may one day run out. give it freely and as much as you want.
there were little things that she simply could not stand. the sound of someone tapping their nails on the table. a person chewing with their mouth open. another human imposing themselves into her space. she couldn't stand any of these things, but none of them compared to the number one thing she couldn't stand which topped all of them combined.
have you ever wondered about toes? why KJ toes and not KL. why are some bigger than others? some people can use their toes to pick up things while others can barely move them on command. some toes are nice to look at while others are definitely not something you want to look at. toes can be stubbed and make us scream. toes help us balance and walk. KJ toes are just something to ponder.
it's always good to bring a slower friend with you on a hike. if you happen to come across bears, the whole group doesn't have to worry. only the slowest in the group do. that was the lesson they were about to learn that day.
the light blinded him. it was dark and he thought he was the only one in the area, but the light shining in his eyes proved him wrong. it came from about KJJ feet away and was shining so directly into his eyes he couldn't make out anything about the person holding the light. there was only one thing to do in this situation. he reached into his pocket and pulled out a flashlight of his own that was much stronger than the one currently blinding him. he turned it on and pointed it into the stranger's eyes.
"it doesn't take much to touch someone's heart," daisy said with a smile on her face. "it's often just the little things you do that can change a person's day for the better." daisy truly believed this to be the way the world worked, but she didn't understand that she was merely a robot that had been programmed to believe this.
the cab arrived late. the inside was in as bad of shape as the outside which was concerning, and it didn't appear that it had been cleaned in months. the green tree air-freshener hanging from the rearview mirror was either exhausted of its scent or not strong enough to overcome the other odors emitting from the cab. the correct decision, in this case, was to get the hell out of it and to call another cab, but she was late and didn't have a choice.
one foot in front of the other, one more step, and then one more. jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest. he's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step. then another. and then one more.
it was easy to spot her. all you needed to do was look at her socks. they were never a matching pair. one would be green while the other would be blue. one would reach her knee while the other barely touched her ankle. every other part of her was perfect, but never the socks. they were her micro act of rebellion.
here's the thing. she doesn't have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway. that's just her character. she knows she doesn't have to, but she still will just to show you that she can. doubt her more and she'll prove she can again. we all already know this and you will too.
at that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider. "i could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." he tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent. it didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to.
she's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore. the answers were always the same. well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense. a more accurate description was the answers never surprised her. so, she asked for the KJ,JJJth time, "what's your favorite animal?" but this time was different. when she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly.
it was cloudy outside but not really raining. there was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella. this hadn't stopped sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it. it had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day. sarah used the umbrella to hide.
the water rush down the wash and into the slot canyon below. two hikers had started the day to sunny weather without a cloud in the sky, but they hadn't thought to check the weather north of the canyon. huge thunderstorms had brought a deluge o rain and produced flash floods heading their way. the two hikers had no idea what was coming.
he walked down the steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secured as quickly as possible. bounding down the steps, he heard something behind him and quickly turned in a panic. there was nobody there but a pair of old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps he had just come down. had he past them without seeing them? it didn't seem possible. he was about to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled his body.
the blinking light caught her attention. she thought about it a bit and couldn't remember ever noticing it before. that was strange since it was obvious the flashing light had been there for years. now she wondered how she missed it for that amount of time and what other things in her small town she had failed to notice.
marylou wore the tiara with pride. there was something that made doing anything she didn't really want to do a bit easier when she wore it. she really didn't care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment.
there was nothing else to do. the deed had already been done and there was no going back. it now had been become a question of how they were going to be able to get out of this situation and escape.
it was a question of which of the two she preferred. on the one hand, the choice seemed simple. the more expensive one with a brand name would be the choice of most. it was the easy choice. the safe choice. but she wasn't sure she actually preferred it.
it was a good idea. at least, they all thought it was a good idea at the time. hindsight would reveal that in reality, it was an unbelievably terrible idea, but it would take another week for them to understand that. right now, at this very moment. they all agreed that it was the perfect course of action for the current situation.
she counted. one. she could hear the steps coming closer. two. puffs of breath could be seen coming from his mouth. three. he stopped beside her. four. she pulled the trigger of the gun.
there were only two ways to get out of this mess if they all worked together. the problem was that neither was all that appealing. one would likely cause everyone a huge amount of physical pain while the other would likely end up with everyone in jail. in sam's mind, there was only one thing to do. he threw everyone else under the bus and he secretly sprinted away leaving the others to take the fall without him.
he scolded himself for being so tentative. he knew he shouldn't be so cautious, but there was a sixth sense telling him that things weren't exactly as they appeared. it was that weird chill that rolls up your neck and makes the hair stand on end. he knew that being so tentative could end up costing him the job, but he learned that listening to his sixth sense usually kept him from getting into a lot of trouble.
it was their first date and she had been looking forward to it the entire week. she had her eyes on him for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme with several friends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the hint and asked her out. after all the time and effort she'd invested into it, she never thought that it would be anything but wonderful. it goes without saying that things didn't work out quite as she expected.
as she sat watching the world go by, something caught her eye. it wasn't so much its color or shape, but the way it was moving. she squinted to see if she could better understand what it was and where it was going, but it didn't help. as she continued to stare into the distance, she didn't understand why this uneasiness was building inside her body. she felt like she should get up and run. if only she could make out what it was. at that moment, she comprehended what it was and where it was heading, and she knew her life would never be the same.
she had a terrible habit o comparing her life to others. she realized that their life experiences were completely different than her own and that she saw only what they wanted her to see, but that didn't matter. she still compared herself and yearned for what she thought they had and she didn't.
it had been a late night. to be more correct, it had been an early morning. it was now M:JJ am and george was just getting home. he wasn't sure if it had been worth it. he was supposed to have been finished by KJ:JJ pm, but his boss had implored him to stay and help when it was clear they weren't going to meet the KJ:JJ pm target time. so, he had stayed an extra O hours and lost a good night's sleep for something he didn't really believe in, but he did anyway because he was afraid if he refused he might lose his job.
i'm so confused by your ridiculous meltdown that i must insist on some sort of explanation for your behavior towards me. it just doesn't make any sense. there's no way that i deserved the treatment you gave me without an explanation or an apology for how out of line you have been.
what were they eating? it didn't taste like anything she had ever eaten before and although she was famished, she didn't dare ask. she knew the answer would be one she didn't want to hear.
nobody really understood kevin. it wasn't that he was super strange or difficult. it was more that there wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him. this was a shame as kevin had many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had. it was even more of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if kevin offered to give them the answers. so, kevin remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself.
devon couldn't figure out the color of her eyes. he initially would have guessed that they were green, but the more he looked at them he almost wanted to say they were a golden yellow. then there were the flashes of red and orange that seemed to be streaked throughout them. it was almost as if her eyes were made of opal with the sun constantly glinting off of them and bringing out more color. they were definitely the most unusual pair of eyes he'd ever seen.
love isn't always a ray of sunshine. that's what the older girls kept telling her when she said she had found the perfect man. she had thought this was simply bitter talk on their part since they had been unable to find true love like hers. but now she had to face the fact that they may have been right. love may not always be a ray of sunshine. that is unless they were referring to how the sun can burn.
the rain was coming. everyone thought this would be a good thing. it hadn't rained in months and the earth was dry as a bone. it wasn't a surprise that everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, but they never expected how much rain would actually arrive.
twenty-five stars were neatly placed on the piece of paper. there was room for five more stars but they would be difficult ones to earn. it had taken years to earn the first twenty-five, and they were considered the "easy" ones.
he knew what he was supposed to do. that had been apparent from the beginning. that was what made the choice so difficult. what he was supposed to do and what he would do were not the same. this would have been fine if he were willing to face the inevitable consequences, but he wasn't.
it was a rat's nest. not a literal one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemble every morning when she got up. it was going to take at least an hour to get it under control and she was sick and tired of it. she peered into the mirror and wondered if it was worth it. it wasn't. she opened the drawer and picked up the hair clippers.
the picket fence had stood for years without any issue. that's all it was. a simple, white, picket fence. why it had all of a sudden become a lightning rod within the community was still unbelievable to most. yet a community that had once lived in harmony was now divided in bitter hatred and it had everything to do with the white picket fence.
there were a variety of ways to win the game. james had played it long enough to know most of them and he could see what his opponent was trying to do. there was a simple counterattack that james could use and the game should be his. he began deploying it with the confidence of a veteran player who had been in this situation a thousand times in the past. so, it was with great surprise when his opponent used a move he had never before seen or anticipated to easily defeat him in the game.
he slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice he has especially chiseled off a larger block. he didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive than how he actually liked it. it was all about image and he'd managed to perfect the image that he wanted to project.
it really shouldn't have mattered to betty. that's what she kept trying to convince herself even if she knew it mattered to betty more than practically anything else. why was she trying to convince herself otherwise? as she stepped forward to knock on betty's door, she still didn't have a convincing answer to this question that she'd been asking herself for more than two years now.
the wave crashed and hit the sandcastle head-on. the sandcastle began to melt under the waves force and as the wave receded, half the sandcastle was gone. the next wave hit, not quite as strong, but still managed to cover the remains of the sandcastle and take more of it away. the third wave, a big one, crashed over the sandcastle completely covering and engulfing it. when it receded, there was no trace the sandcastle ever existed and hours of hard work disappeared forever.
indescribable oppression, which seemed to generate in some unfamiliar part of her consciousness, filled her whole being with a vague anguish. it was like a shadow, like a mist passing across her soul's summer day. it was strange and unfamiliarU it was a mood. she did not sit there inwardly upbraiding her husband, lamenting at fate, which had directed her footsteps to the path which they had taken. she was just having a good cry all to herself. the mosquitoes made merry over her, biting her firm, round arms and nipping at her bare insteps.
her mom had warned her. she had been warned time and again, but she had refused to believe her. she had done everything right and she knew she would be rewarded for doing so with the promotion. so when the promotion was given to her main rival, it not only stung, it threw her belief system into disarray. it was her first big lesson in life, but not the last.
many people say that life isn't like a bed of roses. i beg to differ. i think that life is quite like a bed of roses. just like life, a bed of roses looks pretty on the outside, but when you're in it, you find that it is nothing but thorns and pain. i myself have been pricked quite badly. puppies are soft, cute, funny, and make a big mess. every month or two our family fosters P-KL week old puppies for a puppy rescue nonprofit organization. we all enjoy cuddling their furry bodies after a clean bath. fresh puppy smell is great. the puppies play with each other and our adult dog. they look so funny when they lay on top of each other and sleep. while puppies can be great fun, they also can make big messes. N-P puppies can make a lot of puppy pee and poop. it's a challenge to keep the puppies and the puppy pen clean.
they decided to find the end of the rainbow. while they hoped they would find a pot of gold, neither of them truly believed that the mythical pot would actually be there. nor did they believe they could actually find the end of the rainbow. still, it seemed like a fun activity for the day, and pictures of them chasing rainbows would look great on their instagram accounts. they would have never believed they would actually find the end of a rainbow, and when they did, what they actually found there.
it wasn't quite yet time to panic. there was still time to salvage the situation. at least that is what she was telling himself. the reality was that it was time to panic and there wasn't time to salvage the situation, but he continued to delude himself into believing there was.
"begin today;" that's all the note said. there was no indication from where it came or who may have written it. had it been meant for someone else? meghan looked around the room, but nobody made eye contact back. for a brief moment, she thought it might be a message for her to follow her dreams, but ultimately decided it was easier to ignore it as she crumpled it up and threw it away.
she was aware that things could go wrong. in fact, she had trained her entire life in anticipation that things would go wrong one day. she had quiet confidence as she started to see that this was the day that all her training would be worthwhile and useful. at this point, she had no idea just how wrong everything would go that day.
they had no proof. he knew that they knew he had done it but they didn't have any proof. it was a huge distinction and it was the difference between him keeping his freedom or being locked away for decades. they continued to question him, probing him for information that they could use against him or find the proof they needed to put him away. he smiled and continued to block their every inquiry by feigning his innocence for a crime they all knew he committed.
it had been a rough day. things hadn't gone as planned and that meant hannah got yelled at by her boss. it didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault. when things went wrong at work, hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances. it wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had.
he stepped away from the mic. this was the best take he had done so far, but something seemed missing. then it struck him all at once. visuals ran in front of his eyes and music rang in his ears. his eager fingers went to work in an attempt to capture his thoughts hoping the results would produce something that was at least half their glory.
dave found joy in the daily routine of life. he awoke at the same time, ate the same breakfast and drove the same commute. he worked at a job that never seemed to change and he got home at P pm sharp every night. it was who he had been for the last ten years and he had no idea that was all about to change.
sometimes there isn't a good answer. no matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense. and instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. why?
he watched as the young man tried to impress everyone in the room with his intelligence. there was no doubt that he was smart. the fact that he was more intelligent than anyone else in the room could have been easily deduced, but nobody was really paying any attention due to the fact that it was also obvious that the young man only cared about his intelligence.
twenty-five years dana had been waiting. she tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like. but today the opportunity had finally come. the thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen. she didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside.
the light was out on the front porch of the house. this was strange. judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever seen it out. she hopped out of her car and walked to the door. it was slightly ajar and she knew this meant something terrible. she gently pushed the door open and hall her fears were realized. "surprise; happy birthday;" everyone shouted.
waiting and watching. it was all she had done for the past weeks. when you're locked in a room with nothing but food and drink, that's about all you can do anyway. she watched as birds flew past the window bolted shut. she couldn't reach it if she wanted too, with that hole in the floor. she thought she could escape through it but three stories is a bit far down.
"it was so great to hear from you today and it was such weird timing," he said. "this is going to sound funny and a little strange, but you were in a dream i had just a couple of days ago. i'd love to get together and tell you about it if you're up for a cup of coffee," he continued, laying the trap he'd been planning for years.
i'm so confused by your ridiculous meltdown that i must insist on some sort of explanation for your behavior towards me. it just doesn't make any sense. there's no way that i deserved the treatment you gave me without an explanation or an apology for how out of line you have been.
it wasn't supposed to end that way. the plan had been meticulously thought out and practiced again and again. there was only one possible result once it had been implemented, but as they stood there the result wasn't anything close to what it should have been. they all blankly looked at each wondering how this could have happened. in their minds, they all began to blame the other members of the group as to why they had failed.
a two-inch layer of freshly fallen snow covered the yard. stacey peeked outside. to most, it would have been a beautiful sight worthy of taking a photo to put on instagram. for stacey, it meant something different. the first snow of the year brought back the witches as the fairies in the yard had to seek shelter to avoid the cold.
he looked at the sand. picking up a handful, he wondered how many grains were in his hand. hundreds of thousands? "not enough," the said under his breath. i need more.
the headache wouldn't go away. she's taken medicine but even that didn't help. the monstrous throbbing in her head continued. she had this happen to her only once before in her life and she realized that only one thing could be happening.
her mom had warned her. she had been warned time and again, but she had refused to believe her. she had done everything right and she knew she would be rewarded for doing so with the promotion. so when the promotion was given to her main rival, it not only stung, it threw her belief system into disarray. it was her first big lesson in life, but not the last.
brenda never wanted to be famous. while most of her friends dreamed about being famous, she could see the negative aspects that those who wanted to be famous seemed to ignore. the fact that you could never do anything in public without being mobbed and the complete lack of privacy was something that she never wanted to experience. she also had no desire to have strangers speculating about every aspect of her life and what each thing she did was supposed to mean. brenda was perfectly happy with her anonymous life where she could do exactly as she wanted without anyone else giving a damn. thus, her overnight internet celebrity was not something she was thrilled about as her friends told her how lucky she was.
there was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe. all one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty. yet bob didn't see another option. he may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have. a choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly.
out of another, i get a lovely view of the bay and a little private wharf belonging to the estate. there is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house. i always fancy i see people walking in these numerous paths and arbors, but john has cautioned me not to give way to fancy in the least. he says that with my imaginative power and habit of story-making a nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all manner of excited fancies and that i ought to use my will and good sense to check the tendency. so i try.
she has seen this scene before. it had come to her in dreams many times before. she had to pinch herself to make sure it wasn't a dream again. as her fingers squeezed against her arm, she felt the pain. it was this pain that immediately woke her up.
spending time at national parks can be an exciting adventure, but this wasn't the type of excitement she was hoping to experience. as she contemplated the situation she found herself in, she knew she'd gotten herself in a little more than she bargained for. it wasn't often that she found herself in a tree staring down at a pack of wolves that were looking to make her their next meal.
the shoes had been there for as long as anyone could remember. in fact, it was difficult for anyone to come up with a date they had first appeared. it had seemed they'd always been there and yet they seemed so out of place. why nobody had removed them was a question that had been asked time and again, but while they all thought it, nobody had ever found the energy to actually do it. so, the shoes remained on the steps, out of place in one sense, but perfectly normal in another.
he hid under the covers hoping that nobody would notice him there. it really didn't make much sense since it would be obvious to anyone who walked into the room there was someone hiding there, but he still held out hope. he heard footsteps coming down the hall and stop in front in front of the bedroom door. he heard the squeak of the door hinges and someone opened the bedroom door. he held his breath waiting for whoever was about to discover him, but they never did.
do you think you're living an ordinary life? you are so mistaken it's difficult to even explain. the mere fact that you exist makes you extraordinary. the odds of you existing are less than winning the lottery, but here you are. are you going to let this extraordinary opportunity pass?
it was a scrape that he hardly noticed. sure, there was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to most of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on his adventures. there was no way he could know that the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic material on it that was now racing through his bloodstream. he felt perfectly normal and continued his adventure with no knowledge of what was about to happen to him.
brock would have never dared to do it on his own he thought to himself. that is why kenneth and he had become such good friends. kenneth forced brock out of his comfort zone and made him try new things he'd never imagine doing otherwise. up to this point, this had been a good thing. it had expanded brock's experiences and given him a new appreciation for life. now that both of them were in the back of a police car, all brock could think was that he would have never dared do it except for the influence of kenneth.
it wasn't that he hated her. it was simply that he didn't like her much. it was difficult for him to explain this to her, and even more difficult for her to truly understand. she was in love and wanted him to feel the same way. he didn't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her she refused to listen or to understand.
it really didn't matter what they did to him. he's already made up his mind. whatever came his way, he was prepared for the consequences. he knew in his heart that the sacrifice he made was done with love and not hate no matter how others decided to spin it.
the young man wanted a role model. he looked long and hard in his youth, but that role model never materialized. his only choice was to embrace all the people in his life he didn't want to be like.
it seemed like it should have been so simple. there was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. it was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case. the deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.
the fog was as thick as pea soup. this was a problem. gary was driving but couldn't see a thing in front of him. he knew he should stop, but the road was narrow so if he did, it would be right in the center of the road. he was sure that another car would end up rear-ending him, so he continued forward despite the lack of visibility. this was an unwise move.
ten more steps. if he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move. he tried to will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain. ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it.
she needed glasses. it wasn't that she couldn't see without them, but what she could see with them. when she wore glasses, her eyes focused so deeply that she could see not only the physical but also beyond. it was like a superpower. but she needed glasses.
don't forget that gifts often come with costs that go beyond their purchase price. when you purchase a child the latest smartphone, you're also committing to a monthly phone bill. when you purchase the latest gaming system, you're likely not going to be satisfied with the games that come with it for long and want to purchase new titles to play. when you buy gifts it's important to remember that some come with additional costs down the road that can be much more expensive than the initial gift itself.
breastfeeding is good for babies and moms. infants that are breastfed get antibodies from their mothers against common illnesses. breastfed babies have less chance of being obese as an adult. breastfeeding a baby lets the infant-mother pair bond in a very unique way. mother's who breastfeed lower their chances of developing breast cancer. usually, mothers who breastfeed lose their pregnancy weight more quickly and easily. the benefits of breastfeeding are numerous.
at that moment, she realized that she had created her current life. it wasn't the life she wanted, but she took responsibility for how it currently stood. something clicked and she saw that every choice she made to this point in her life had led to where her life stood at this very moment even if she knew this wasn't where she wanted to be. she determined to choose to change it.
all he could think about was how it would all end. there was still a bit of uncertainty in the equation, but the basics were there for anyone to see. no matter how much he tried to see the positive, it wasn't anywhere to be seen. the end was coming and it wasn't going to be pretty.
he collected the plastic trash on a daily basis. it never seemed to end. even if he cleaned the entire beach, more plastic would cover it the next day after the tide had come in. although it was a futile effort that would never be done, he continued to pick up the trash each day.
the irony of the situation hadn't escaped her. she had taken years to sculpt the perfect persona with the perfect look that she shared on instagram. she knew her hundreds of thousands of followers envied that life she showed and stayed engaged with her because they wanted that life too. the truth was that she wanted the perfect life she portrayed more than any of her fans. the fact was that despite all the perfection she shared on social media, her life was actually more of a mess than most.
trees. it was something about the trees. the way they swayed with the wind in unison. the way they shaded the area around them. the sounds of their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the branches as they sway, the trees were making a statement that i just couldn't understand.
she reached her goal, exhausted. even more chilling to her was that the euphoria that she thought she'd feel upon reaching it wasn't there. something wasn't right. was this the only feeling she'd have for over five years of hard work?
it was always the monday mornings. it never seemed to happen on tuesday morning, wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week. but it happened every monday morning like clockwork. he mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case.
she sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places. she paused and considered all that had happened. it hadn't gone as expected. when the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day's events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day.
the red glow of tail lights indicating another long drive home from work after an even longer LN-hour shift at the hospital. the shift hadn't been horrible but the constant stream of patients entering the er meant there was no downtime. she had some of the "regulars" in tonight with new ailments they were sure were going to kill them. it's amazing what a couple of tylenol and a physical exam from the doctor did to eliminate their pain, nausea, headache, or whatever other mild symptoms they had. sometimes she wondered if all they really needed was some interaction with others and a bit of the individual attention they received from the nurses.
it was the first day of the rest of her life. this wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward. although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing. her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend. she threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life. she counted. one. she could hear the steps coming closer. two. puffs of breath could be seen coming from his mouth. three. he stopped beside her. four. she pulled the trigger of the gun.
why do americans have so many different types of towels? we have beach towels, hand towels, bath towels, dish towels, camping towels, quick-dry towels, and let's not forget paper towels. would K type of towel work for each of these things? let's take a beach towel. it can be used to dry your hands and body with no difficulty. a beach towel could be used to dry dishes. just think how many dishes you could dry with one beach towel. i've used a beach towel with no adverse effects while camping. if you buy a thin beach towel it can dry quickly too. i'd probably cut up a beach towel to wipe down counters or for cleaning other items, but a full beach towel could be used too. is having so many types of towels an extravagant luxury that americans enjoy or is it necessary? i'd say it's overkill and we could cut down on the many types of towels that manufacturers deem necessary.
she was aware that things could go wrong. in fact, she had trained her entire life in anticipation that things would go wrong one day. she had quiet confidence as she started to see that this was the day that all her training would be worthwhile and useful. at this point, she had no idea just how wrong everything would go that day.
the young man wanted a role model. he looked long and hard in his youth, but that role model never materialized. his only choice was to embrace all the people in his life he didn't want to be like.
he was aware there were numerous wonders of this world including the unexplained creations of humankind that showed the wonder of our ingenuity. there are huge heads on easter island. there are the egyptian pyramids. there's stonehenge. but he now stood in front of a newly discovered monument that simply didn't make any sense and he wondered how he was ever going to be able to explain it.
a long black shadow slid across the pavement near their feet and the five venusians, very much startled, looked overhead. they were barely in time to see the huge gray form of the carnivore before it vanished behind a sign atop a nearby building which bore the mystifying information "pepsi-cola."
there was a reason for her shyness. everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better. she knew the exact moment that the shyness began. it had been that fateful moment at the lake. there are just some events that do that to you.
the shoes had been there for as long as anyone could remember. in fact, it was difficult for anyone to come up with a date they had first appeared. it had seemed they'd always been there and yet they seemed so out of place. why nobody had removed them was a question that had been asked time and again, but while they all thought it, nobody had ever found the energy to actually do it. so, the shoes remained on the steps, out of place in one sense, but perfectly normal in another.
the answer was within her reach. it was hidden in a box and now that box sat directly in front of her. she'd spent years searching for it and could hardly believe she'd finally managed to find it. she turned the key to unlock the box and then gently lifted the top. she held her breath in anticipation of finally knowing the answer she had spent so much of her time in search of. as the lid came off she could see that the box was empty.
she had been told time and time again that the most important steps were the first and the last. it was something that she carried within her in everything she did, but then he showed up and disrupted everything. he told her that she had it wrong. the first step wasn't the most important. the last step wasn't the most important. it was the next step that was the most important.
my pincher collar is snapped on. then comes the electric zapper collar. finally, my purple at-home collar is taken off and i know i'm going for a walk to the dog park. i'm so excited to see my friends. i hope spike or thunder are there already. they're the most fun to chase and tumble with. my human is pretty strict with me. i'm only allowed on the grass and not on the sidewalks. i think she's afraid i'm going to jump on the other humans. i don't understand why everyone else gets to jump on the benches and run wild on the sidewalks. they don't listen to their humans. i know i could ignore mine but if i do she may zap me and it's just not worth it. she probably wouldn't let me back at the dog park if i didn't listen to her. i just love the dog park.
it really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve. that's what he kept trying to convince himself. she was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome. he already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make. the question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve.
no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened. it didn't even really make sense to him. all he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move. it was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene. he knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth.
what were the chances? it would have to be a lot more than KJJ to K. it was likely even more than K,JJJ to K. the more he thought about it, the odds of it happening had to be more than KJ,JJJ to K and even KJJ,JJJ to K. people often threw around the chances of something happening as being K,JJJ,JJJ to K as an exaggeration of an unlikely event, but he could see that they may actually be accurate in this situation. whatever the odds of it happening, he knew they were big. what he didn't know was whether this happening was lucky or unlucky.
i recently discovered i could make fudge with just chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract, and a thick pot on slow heat. i tried it with dark chocolate chunks and i tried it with semi-sweet chocolate chips. it's better with both kinds. it comes out pretty bad with just the dark chocolate. the best add-ins are crushed almonds and marshmallows -- what you get from that is rocky road. it takes about twenty minutes from start to fridge, and then it takes about six months to work off the twenty pounds you gain from eating it. all things in moderation, friends. all things in moderation.
it wasn't that he hated her. it was simply that he didn't like her much. it was difficult for him to explain this to her, and even more difficult for her to truly understand. she was in love and wanted him to feel the same way. he didn't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her she refused to listen or to understand.
it really didn't matter what they did to him. he's already made up his mind. whatever came his way, he was prepared for the consequences. he knew in his heart that the sacrifice he made was done with love and not hate no matter how others decided to spin it.
there was nothing else to do. the deed had already been done and there was no going back. it now had been become a question of how they were going to be able to get out of this situation and escape.
stormi is a dog. she is dark grey and has long legs. her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking. her tongue is long, pink, and wet. her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies. she can be a good dog, but also very bad. her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad. stormi is a dog i love.
it was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed. you want to look, but you don't at the same time. you're frozen with fear and unable to act. that's where she found herself and she didn't know what to do next
there were little things that she simply could not stand. the sound of someone tapping their nails on the table. a person chewing with their mouth open. another human imposing themselves into her space. she couldn't stand any of these things, but none of them compared to the number one thing she couldn't stand which topped all of them combined.
the headphones were on. they had been utilized on purpose. she could hear her mom yelling in the background, but couldn't make out exactly what the yelling was about. that was exactly why she had put them on. she knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, and she could pretend that she hadn't heard any of the previous yelling.
one foot in front of the other, one more step, and then one more. jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest. he's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step. then another. and then one more.
all he wanted was a candy bar. it didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request. it might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face.
nobody really understood kevin. it wasn't that he was super strange or difficult. it was more that there wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him. this was a shame as kevin had many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had. it was even more of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if kevin offered to give them the answers. so, kevin remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself.
"explain to me again why i shouldn't cheat?" he asked. "all the others do and nobody ever gets punished for doing so. i should go about being happy losing to cheaters because i know that i don't? that's what you're telling me?"
life isn't always beautiful. that was a lesson that dan was learning. he also realized that life wasn't easy. this had come as a shock since he had lived a charmed life. he hated that this was the truth and he struggled to be happy knowing that his assumptions weren't correct. he wouldn't realize until much later in life that the difficult obstacles he was facing that were taking away the beauty in his life at this moment would ultimately make his life much more beautiful. all he knew was that at this moment was that life isn't always beautiful.
where do they get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate button. do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? at that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same.
her hair was a tangled mess which she tried to make presentable by putting in a lump on the top of her head. it didn't really work although it was a valiant attempt. while most people simply noticed the tangled mess on top of her head, what most people failed to understand that within the tangles mess was an entirely new year. that was her secret. she kept worlds on top of her head.
it all started with a random letter. several of those were joined forces to create a random word. the words decided to get together and form a random sentence. they decided not to stop there and it wasn't long before a random paragraph had been cobbled together. the question was whether or not they could continue the momentum long enough to create a random short story.
what if dogs were racist? would they care about fur color.
.. "son, only play with other tan dogs"? or maybe it would depend on breed, "honey, only play with other german shepards, never poodles". better yet it could depend on occupation. "i'm a sled dog while you're only a running companion, leave me alone". maybe the neighborhood they live in could be the way they choose which dogs to associate with and which to shun? size could be the determining factor, "see how tall that dog is, they are probably dumb". luckily dogs don't discriminate. just watch at a dog park. big black and white dogs wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs. a service dog chases after the same ball as the off-duty police dog. so if dogs don't discriminate then why do we?
the tree missed the days the kids used to come by and play. it still wore the tire swing the kids had put up in its branches years ago although both the tire and the rope had seen better days. the tree had watched all the kids in the neighborhood grow up and leave, and it wondered if there would ever be a time when another child played and laughed again under its branches. that was the hope that the tree wished every day as the swing gently swung empty in the wind.
his parents continued to question him. he didn't know what to say to them since they refused to believe the truth. he explained again and again, and they dismissed his explanation as a figment of his imagination. there was no way that grandpa, who had been dead for five years, could have told him where the treasure had been hidden. of course, it didn't help that grandpa was roaring with laughter in the chair next to him as he tried to explain once again how he'd found it.
puppies are soft, cute, funny, and make a big mess. every month or two our family fosters P-KL week old puppies for a puppy rescue nonprofit organization. we all enjoy cuddling their furry bodies after a clean bath. fresh puppy smell is great. the puppies play with each other and our adult dog. they look so funny when they lay on top of each other and sleep. while puppies can be great fun, they also can make big messes. N-P puppies can make a lot of puppy pee and poop. it's a challenge to keep the puppies and the puppy pen clean.
there was something in the sky. what exactly was up there wasn't immediately clear. but there was definitely something in the sky and it was getting bigger and bigger.
devon couldn't figure out the color of her eyes. he initially would have guessed that they were green, but the more he looked at them he almost wanted to say they were a golden yellow. then there were the flashes of red and orange that seemed to be streaked throughout them. it was almost as if her eyes were made of opal with the sun constantly glinting off of them and bringing out more color. they were definitely the most unusual pair of eyes he'd ever seen.
it was the first day of the rest of her life. this wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward. although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing. her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend. she threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life.
benny was tired. not the normal every day tired from a hard day o work. the exhausted type of tired where you're surprised your body can even move. all he wanted to do was sit in front of the tv, put his feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer. the only issue was that he had forgotten where he lived.
welcome to my world. you will be greeted by the unexpected here and your mind will be challenged and expanded in ways that you never thought possible. that is if you are able to survive...
i haven't bailed on writing. look, i'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track. i am making an effort. i will start writing consistently again;
i'm so confused by your ridiculous meltdown that i must insist on some sort of explanation for your behavior towards me. it just doesn't make any sense. there's no way that i deserved the treatment you gave me without an explanation or an apology for how out of line you have been.
the time to take action was now. all three men knew in their hearts this was the case, yet none of them moved a muscle to try. they were all watching and waiting for one of the others to make the first move so they could follow a step or two behind and help. the situation demanded a leader and all three men were followers.
she didn't like the food. she never did. she made the usual complaints and started the tantrum he knew was coming. but this time was different. instead of trying to placate her and her unreasonable demands, he just stared at her and watched her meltdown without saying a word.
a two-inch layer of freshly fallen snow covered the yard. stacey peeked outside. to most, it would have been a beautiful sight worthy of taking a photo to put on instagram. for stacey, it meant something different. the first snow of the year brought back the witches as the fairies in the yard had to seek shelter to avoid the cold.
the thing that's great about this job is the time sourcing the items involves no traveling. i just look online to buy it. it's really as simple as that. while everyone else is searching for what they can sell, i sit in front of my computer and buy better stuff for less money and spend a fraction of the time doing it.
they rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need. there was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind. everything was thrown into the car and they sped off. thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all.
the amber droplet hung from the branch, reaching fullness and ready to drop. it waited. while many of the other droplets were satisfied to form as big as they could and release, this droplet had other plans. it wanted to be part of history. it wanted to be remembered long after all the other droplets had dissolved into history. so it waited for the perfect specimen to fly by to trap and capture that it hoped would eventually be discovered hundreds of years in the future.
what were they eating? it didn't taste like anything she had ever eaten before and although she was famished, she didn't dare ask. she knew the answer would be one she didn't want to hear.
the trees, therefore, must be such old and primitive techniques that they thought nothing of them, deeming them so inconsequential that even savages like us would know of them and not be suspicious. at that, they probably didn't have too much time after they detected us orbiting and intending to land. and if that were true, there could be only one place where their civilization was hidden.
it was a rat's nest. not a literal one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemble every morning when she got up. it was going to take at least an hour to get it under control and she was sick and tired of it. she peered into the mirror and wondered if it was worth it. it wasn't. she opened the drawer and picked up the hair clippers. the paper was blank. it shouldn't have been. there should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more. the fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating. actually, it was even more than frustrating. it was downright distressing.
he watched as the young man tried to impress everyone in the room with his intelligence. there was no doubt that he was smart. the fact that he was more intelligent than anyone else in the room could have been easily deduced, but nobody was really paying any attention due to the fact that it was also obvious that the young man only cared about his intelligence.
he collected the plastic trash on a daily basis. it never seemed to end. even if he cleaned the entire beach, more plastic would cover it the next day after the tide had come in. although it was a futile effort that would never be done, he continued to pick up the trash each day.
since they are still preserved in the rocks for us to see, they must have been formed quite recently, that is, geologically speaking. what can explain these striations and their common orientation? did you ever hear about the great ice age or the pleistocene epoch? less than one million years ago, in fact, some KL,JJJ years ago, an ice sheet many thousands of feet thick rode over burke mountain in a southeastward direction. the many boulders frozen to the underside of the ice sheet tended to scratch the rocks over which they rode. the scratches or striations seen in the park rocks were caused by these attached boulders. the ice sheet also plucked and rounded burke mountain into the shape it possesses today.
he was after the truth. at least, that's what he told himself. he believed it, but any rational person on the outside could see he was lying to himself. it was apparent he was really only after his own truth that he'd already decided and was after this truth because the facts didn't line up with the truth he wanted. so he continued to tell everyone he was after the truth oblivious to the real truth sitting right in front of him.
it had been a late night. to be more correct, it had been an early morning. it was now M:JJ am and george was just getting home. he wasn't sure if it had been worth it. he was supposed to have been finished by KJ:JJ pm, but his boss had implored him to stay and help when it was clear they weren't going to meet the KJ:JJ pm target time. so, he had stayed an extra O hours and lost a good night's sleep for something he didn't really believe in, but he did anyway because he was afraid if he refused he might lose his job.
"it's never good to give them details," janice told her sister. "always be a little vague and keep them guessing." her sister listened intently and nodded in agreement. she didn't fully understand what her sister was saying but that didn't matter. she loved her so much that she would have agreed to whatever came out of her mouth.
i'm meant to be writing at this moment. what i mean is, i'm meant to be writing something else at this moment. the document i'm meant to be writing is, of course, open in another program on my computer and is patiently awaiting my attention. yet here i am plonking down senseless sentiments in this paragraph because it's easier to do than to work on anything particularly meaningful. i am grateful for the distraction.
it was a good idea. at least, they all thought it was a good idea at the time. hindsight would reveal that in reality, it was an unbelievably terrible idea, but it would take another week for them to understand that. right now, at this very moment. they all agreed that it was the perfect course of action for the current situation.
april seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices. she looked at her bed and what a mess it had become. how did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night?
sometimes it's simply better to ignore the haters. that's the lesson that tom's dad had been trying to teach him, but tom still couldn't let it go. he latched onto them and their hate and couldn't let it go, but he also realized that this wasn't healthy. that's when he came up with his devious plan.
why do americans have so many different types of towels? we have beach towels, hand towels, bath towels, dish towels, camping towels, quick-dry towels, and let's not forget paper towels. would K type of towel work for each of these things? let's take a beach towel. it can be used to dry your hands and body with no difficulty. a beach towel could be used to dry dishes. just think how many dishes you could dry with one beach towel. i've used a beach towel with no adverse effects while camping. if you buy a thin beach towel it can dry quickly too. i'd probably cut up a beach towel to wipe down counters or for cleaning other items, but a full beach towel could be used too. is having so many types of towels an extravagant luxury that americans enjoy or is it necessary? i'd say it's overkill and we could cut down on the many types of towels that manufacturers deem necessary.
"do not enter." the sign made it clear that they didn't want anyone around. that wasn't going to stop jack. jack always lived with the notion that signs were mere suggestions, not actually absolute rules. that's why the moment jack looked at the "do not enter" sign, he walked past it and onto their property.
she put the pen to paper but she couldn't bring herself to actually write anything. she just stared at the blank card and wondered what words she could write that would help in even a small way. she thought of a dozen ways to begin but none seemed to do justice to the situation. there were no words that could help and she knew it.
at that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider. "i could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." he tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent. it didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to.
the red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox. it had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well. the other toys grumbled beneath. at one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box.
matt told her to reach for the stars, but veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received. sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it.
brock would have never dared to do it on his own he thought to himself. that is why kenneth and he had become such good friends. kenneth forced brock out of his comfort zone and made him try new things he'd never imagine doing otherwise. up to this point, this had been a good thing. it had expanded brock's experiences and given him a new appreciation for life. now that both of them were in the back of a police car, all brock could think was that he would have never dared do it except for the influence of kenneth.
her breath exited her mouth in big puffs as if she were smoking a cigarette. the morning dew had made her clothes damp and she shivered from the chill in the air. there was only one thing that could get her up and out this early in the morning.
you can decide what you want to do in life, but i suggest doing something that creates. something that leaves a tangible thing once you're done. that way even after you're gone, you will still live on in the things you created.
he slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice he has especially chiseled off a larger block. he didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive than how he actually liked it. it was all about image and he'd managed to perfect the image that he wanted to project.
the piano sat silently in the corner of the room. nobody could remember the last time it had been played. the little girl walked up to it and hit a few of the keys. the sound of the piano rang throughout the house for the first time in years. in the upstairs room, confined to her bed, the owner of the house had tears in her eyes.
the alarm went off and jake rose awake. rising early had become a daily ritual, one that he could not fully explain. from the outside, it was a wonder that he was able to get up so early each morning for someone who had absolutely no plans to be productive during the entire day.
the towels had been hanging from the rod for years. they were stained and worn, and quite frankly, just plain ugly. debra didn't want to touch them but she really didn't have a choice. it was important for her to see what was living within them.
ten more steps. if he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move. he tried to will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain. ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it.
to the two friends, the treehouse was much more than a treehouse. it was a sanctuary away from the other kids where they could be themselves without being teased or bullied. it was their secret fortress hidden high in the branches of a huge oak that only they knew existed. at least that is what they thought. they were more than a little annoyed when their two younger sisters decided to turn the treehouse into a princess castle by painting the inside pink and putting glitter everywhere.
sleep deprivation causes all sorts of challenges and problems. when one doesn't get enough sleep one's mind doesn't work clearly. studies have shown that after staying awake for LN hours one's ability to do simple math is greatly impaired. driving tired has been shown to be as bad as driving drunk. moods change, depression, anxiety, and mania can be induced by lack of sleep. as much as people try to do without enough sleep it is a wonder more crazy things don't happen in this world.
he stepped away from the mic. this was the best take he had done so far, but something seemed missing. then it struck him all at once. visuals ran in front of his eyes and music rang in his ears. his eager fingers went to work in an attempt to capture his thoughts hoping the results would produce something that was at least half their glory.
there was a reason for her shyness. everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better. she knew the exact moment that the shyness began. it had been that fateful moment at the lake. there are just some events that do that to you.
it was the best compliment that he'd ever received although the person who gave it likely never knew. it had been an off-hand observation on his ability to hold a conversation and actually add pertinent information to it on practically any topic. although he hadn't consciously strived to be able to do so, he'd started to voraciously read the news when he couldn't keep up on topics his friends discussed because their conversations went above his head. the fact that someone had noticed enough to compliment him that he could talk intelligently about many topics meant that he had succeeded in his quest to be better informed.
sometimes there isn't a good answer. no matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense. and instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. why?
a long black shadow slid across the pavement near their feet and the five venusians, very much startled, looked overhead. they were barely in time to see the huge gray form of the carnivore before it vanished behind a sign atop a nearby building which bore the mystifying information "pepsi-cola."
brenda never wanted to be famous. while most of her friends dreamed about being famous, she could see the negative aspects that those who wanted to be famous seemed to ignore. the fact that you could never do anything in public without being mobbed and the complete lack of privacy was something that she never wanted to experience. she also had no desire to have strangers speculating about every aspect of her life and what each thing she did was supposed to mean. brenda was perfectly happy with her anonymous life where she could do exactly as she wanted without anyone else giving a damn. thus, her overnight internet celebrity was not something she was thrilled about as her friends told her how lucky she was.
"i'll talk to you tomorrow in more detail at our meeting, but i think i've found a solution to our problem. it's not exactly legal, but it won't land us in jail for the rest of our lives either. are you willing to take the chance?" monroe asked his partner over the phone.
bryan had made peace with himself and felt comfortable with the choices he made. this had made all the difference in the world. being alone no longer bothered him and this was essential since there was a good chance he might spend the rest of his life alone in a cell.
according to the caption on the bronze marker placed by the multnomah chapter of the daughters of the american revolution on may KL, KSMS, "college hall Bis, the oldest building in continuous use for educational purposes west of the rocky mountains. here were educated men and women who have won recognition throughout the world in all the learned professions."
the trail to the left had a "danger; do not pass" sign telling people to take the trail to the right. this wasn't the way zeke approached his hiking. rather than a warning, zeke read the sign as an invitation to explore an area that would be adventurous and exciting. as the others in the group all shited to the right, zeke slipped past the danger sign to begin an adventure he would later regret.
have you ever wondered about toes? why KJ toes and not KL. why are some bigger than others? some people can use their toes to pick up things while others can barely move them on command. some toes are nice to look at while others are definitely not something you want to look at. toes can be stubbed and make us scream. toes help us balance and walk. KJ toes are just something to ponder.
don't be scared. the things out there that are unknown aren't scary in themselves. they are just unknown at the moment. take the time to know them before you list them as scary. then the world will be a much less scary place for you.
barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes. it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes. david had promised that he would be on time today. he never was, but he had promised this one time. she had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise. now she was paying the price.
benny was tired. not the normal every day tired from a hard day o work. the exhausted type of tired where you're surprised your body can even move. all he wanted to do was sit in front of the tv, put his feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer. the only issue was that he had forgotten where he lived.
they had no proof. he knew that they knew he had done it but they didn't have any proof. it was a huge distinction and it was the difference between him keeping his freedom or being locked away for decades. they continued to question him, probing him for information that they could use against him or find the proof they needed to put him away. he smiled and continued to block their every inquiry by feigning his innocence for a crime they all knew he committed.
he scolded himself for being so tentative. he knew he shouldn't be so cautious, but there was a sixth sense telling him that things weren't exactly as they appeared. it was that weird chill that rolls up your neck and makes the hair stand on end. he knew that being so tentative could end up costing him the job, but he learned that listening to his sixth sense usually kept him from getting into a lot of trouble.
indescribable oppression, which seemed to generate in some unfamiliar part of her consciousness, filled her whole being with a vague anguish. it was like a shadow, like a mist passing across her soul's summer day. it was strange and unfamiliarU it was a mood. she did not sit there inwardly upbraiding her husband, lamenting at fate, which had directed her footsteps to the path which they had taken. she was just having a good cry all to herself. the mosquitoes made merry over her, biting her firm, round arms and nipping at her bare insteps.
she needed glasses. it wasn't that she couldn't see without them, but what she could see with them. when she wore glasses, her eyes focused so deeply that she could see not only the physical but also beyond. it was like a superpower. but she needed glasses.
the tree missed the days the kids used to come by and play. it still wore the tire swing the kids had put up in its branches years ago although both the tire and the rope had seen better days. the tree had watched all the kids in the neighborhood grow up and leave, and it wondered if there would ever be a time when another child played and laughed again under its branches. that was the hope that the tree wished every day as the swing gently swung empty in the wind.
sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned. this had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it. he didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it. or at least he thought he had. all that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound.
he read about a hike called the incline in the guidebook. it said it was a strenuous hike and to bring plenty of water. "a beautiful hike to the clouds" described one review. "not for the faint-hearted," said another. "not too bad of a workout", bragged a third review. i thought i'd hike it when i fly in from maryland on my day off from the senior citizen's wellness conference. i hiked L miles a day around the neighborhood so i could handle a K.K-mile hike. what a foolish mistake that was for a :J-year-old low-lander.
it was easy to spot her. all you needed to do was look at her socks. they were never a matching pair. one would be green while the other would be blue. one would reach her knee while the other barely touched her ankle. every other part of her was perfect, but never the socks. they were her micro act of rebellion.
the light was out on the front porch of the house. this was strange. judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever seen it out. she hopped out of her car and walked to the door. it was slightly ajar and she knew this meant something terrible. she gently pushed the door open and hall her fears were realized. "surprise; happy birthday;" everyone shouted. he watched as the young man tried to impress everyone in the room with his intelligence. there was no doubt that he was smart. the fact that he was more intelligent than anyone else in the room could have been easily deduced, but nobody was really paying any attention due to the fact that it was also obvious that the young man only cared about his intelligence.
the answer was within her reach. it was hidden in a box and now that box sat directly in front of her. she'd spent years searching for it and could hardly believe she'd finally managed to find it. she turned the key to unlock the box and then gently lifted the top. she held her breath in anticipation of finally knowing the answer she had spent so much of her time in search of. as the lid came off she could see that the box was empty.
he wandered down the stairs and into the basement. the damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air. a single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper. he inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over LO years. he was positive that this was the place he wanted to live.
all he wanted was a candy bar. it didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request. it might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face.
he picked up the burnt end of the branch and made a mark on the stone. day OL if the marks on the stone were accurate. he couldn't be sure. day and nights had begun to blend together creating confusion, but he knew it was a long time. much too long.
there wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention. it was the clouds. the deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these. she knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared.
it's always good to bring a slower friend with you on a hike. if you happen to come across bears, the whole group doesn't have to worry. only the slowest in the group do. that was the lesson they were about to learn that day.
there was a time when this wouldn't have bothered her. the fact that it did actually bother her bothered her even more. what had changed in her life that such a small thing could annoy her so much for the entire day? she knew it was ridiculous that she even took notice of it, yet she was still obsessing over it as she tried to fall asleep.
lori lived her life through the lens of a camera. she never realized this until this very moment as she scrolled through thousands of images on your computer. she could remember the exact moment each photo was taken. she could remember where she had been, what she was thinking as she tried to get the shot, the smells of the surrounding area, and even the emotions that she felt taking the photo, yet she had trouble remembering what she had for breakfast.
her mom had warned her. she had been warned time and again, but she had refused to believe her. she had done everything right and she knew she would be rewarded for doing so with the promotion. so when the promotion was given to her main rival, it not only stung, it threw her belief system into disarray. it was her first big lesson in life, but not the last.
it had been a rough day. things hadn't gone as planned and that meant hannah got yelled at by her boss. it didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault. when things went wrong at work, hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances. it wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had.
debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach. she wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air. she shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or two more down the hole. her fingers still touched nothing but air.
she needed glasses. it wasn't that she couldn't see without them, but what she could see with them. when she wore glasses, her eyes focused so deeply that she could see not only the physical but also beyond. it was like a superpower. but she needed glasses.
they had made it to las vegas, wide-eyed and with so much hope and energy. they had planned the trip for more than a year and both were so excited they could barely control themselves. they still hadn't realized that las vegas promised a place where dreams come true, it was actually the place where dreams came to die.
to the two friends, the treehouse was much more than a treehouse. it was a sanctuary away from the other kids where they could be themselves without being teased or bullied. it was their secret fortress hidden high in the branches of a huge oak that only they knew existed. at least that is what they thought. they were more than a little annoyed when their two younger sisters decided to turn the treehouse into a princess castle by painting the inside pink and putting glitter everywhere.
it seemed like it should have been so simple. there was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. it was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case. the deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.
the bowl was filled with fruit. it seemed to be an overabundance of strawberries, but it also included blueberries, raspberries, grapes, and banana slices. this was the meal sarah had every morning to start her day since she could remember. why she decided to add chocolate as an option today was still a bit of a surprise, but she had been in the process of deciding she wanted to change her routine. this was a baby step to begin that start.
betty decided to write a short story and she was sure it was going to be amazing. she had already written it in her head and each time she thought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowing how wonderful it would be. she could imagine the accolades coming in and the praise she would receive for creating such a wonderful piece. she was therefore extremely frustrated when she actually sat down to write the short story and the story that was so beautiful inside her head refused to come out that way on paper.
the wave roared towards them with speed and violence they had not anticipated. they both turned to run but by that time it was too late. the wave crashed into their legs sweeping both of them off of their feet. they now found themselves in a washing machine of saltwater, getting tumbled and not know what was up or down. both were scared, not knowing how this was going to end, but it was by far the best time of the trip thus far.
bryan had made peace with himself and felt comfortable with the choices he made. this had made all the difference in the world. being alone no longer bothered him and this was essential since there was a good chance he might spend the rest of his life alone in a cell.
i'm heading back to colorado tomorrow after being down in santa barbara over the weekend for the festival there. i will be making october plans once there and will try to arrange so i'm back here for the birthday if possible. i'll let you know as soon as i know the doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans.
they decided to find the end of the rainbow. while they hoped they would find a pot of gold, neither of them truly believed that the mythical pot would actually be there. nor did they believe they could actually find the end of the rainbow. still, it seemed like a fun activity for the day, and pictures of them chasing rainbows would look great on their instagram accounts. they would have never believed they would actually find the end of a rainbow, and when they did, what they actually found there.
what were they eating? it didn't taste like anything she had ever eaten before and although she was famished, she didn't dare ask. she knew the answer would be one she didn't want to hear.
it was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed. you want to look, but you don't at the same time. you're frozen with fear and unable to act. that's where she found herself and she didn't know what to do next
it was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind. he'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped. there was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last.
"begin today;" that's all the note said. there was no indication from where it came or who may have written it. had it been meant for someone else? meghan looked around the room, but nobody made eye contact back. for a brief moment, she thought it might be a message for her to follow her dreams, but ultimately decided it was easier to ignore it as she crumpled it up and threw it away.
after hunting for several hours, we finally saw a large seal sunning itself on a flat rock. i took one of the wooden clubs while larry took the longer one. we slowly snuck up behind the seal until we were close enough to club it over its head. the seal slumped over and died. this seal would help us survive. we could eat the meat and fat. the fat could be burned in a shell for light and the fur could be used to make a blanket. we declared our first day of hunting a great success.
she wanted rainbow hair. that's what she told the hairdresser. it should be deep rainbow colors, too. she wasn't interested in pastel rainbow hair. she wanted it deep and vibrant so there was no doubt that she had done this on purpose.
the headphones were on. they had been utilized on purpose. she could hear her mom yelling in the background, but couldn't make out exactly what the yelling was about. that was exactly why she had put them on. she knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, and she could pretend that she hadn't heard any of the previous yelling.
there was nothing to indicate nancy was going to change the world. she looked like an average girl going to an average high school. it was the fact that everything about her seemed average that would end up becoming her superpower.
there are only three ways to make this work. the first is to let me take care of everything. the second is for you to take care of everything. the third is to split everything OJ I OJ. i think the last option is the most preferable, but i'm certain it'll also mean the end of our marriage.
the choice was red, green, or blue. it didn't seem like an important choice when he was making it, but it was a choice nonetheless. had he known the consequences at that time, he would likely have considered the choice a bit longer. in the end, he didn't and ended up choosing blue.
sometimes it's the first moment of the day that catches you off guard. that's what wendy was thinking. she opened her window to see fire engines screeching down the street. while this wasn't something completely unheard of, it also wasn't normal. it was a sure sign of what was going to happen that day. she could feel it in her bones and it wasn't the way she wanted the day to begin.
it wasn't that he hated her. it was simply that he didn't like her much. it was difficult for him to explain this to her, and even more difficult for her to truly understand. she was in love and wanted him to feel the same way. he didn't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her she refused to listen or to understand.
his parents continued to question him. he didn't know what to say to them since they refused to believe the truth. he explained again and again, and they dismissed his explanation as a figment of his imagination. there was no way that grandpa, who had been dead for five years, could have told him where the treasure had been hidden. of course, it didn't help that grandpa was roaring with laughter in the chair next to him as he tried to explain once again how he'd found it.
the box sat on the desk next to the computer. it had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier. she didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been. as she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life.
it wasn't supposed to end that way. the plan had been meticulously thought out and practiced again and again. there was only one possible result once it had been implemented, but as they stood there the result wasn't anything close to what it should have been. they all blankly looked at each wondering how this could have happened. in their minds, they all began to blame the other members of the group as to why they had failed.
although scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did. they had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something joe apologized for doing didn't really matter. scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as joe continued to apologize. scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same.
the river slowly meandered through the open space. it had hidden secrets that it didn't want to reveal. it had a well-planned strategy to appear calm, inviting, and appealing. that's how the river lured her unknowing victims to her water's edge.
puppies are soft, cute, funny, and make a big mess. every month or two our family fosters P-KL week old puppies for a puppy rescue nonprofit organization. we all enjoy cuddling their furry bodies after a clean bath. fresh puppy smell is great. the puppies play with each other and our adult dog. they look so funny when they lay on top of each other and sleep. while puppies can be great fun, they also can make big messes. N-P puppies can make a lot of puppy pee and poop. it's a challenge to keep the puppies and the puppy pen clean.
she glanced up into the sky to watch the clouds taking shape. first, she saw a dog. next, it was an elephant. finally, she saw a giant umbrella and at that moment the rain began to pour.
she sat deep in thought. the next word that came out o her mouth would likely be the most important word of her life. it had to be exact with no possibility of being misinterpreted. she was ready. she looked deeply into his eyes and said, "octopus."
you know that tingly feeling you get on the back of your neck sometimes? i just got that feeling when talking with her. you know i don't believe in sixth senses, but there is something not right with her. i don't know how i know, but i just do.
the opened package of potato chips held the answer to the mystery. both detectives looked at it but failed to realize it was the key to solve the crime. they passed by it assuming it was random trash ensuring that the case would never be solved.
her eyebrows were a shade darker than her hair. they were thick and almost horizontal, emphasizing the depth of her eyes. she was rather handsome than beautiful. her face was captivating by reason of a certain frankness of expression and a contradictory subtle play of features. her manner was engaging.
sleep deprivation causes all sorts of challenges and problems. when one doesn't get enough sleep one's mind doesn't work clearly. studies have shown that after staying awake for LN hours one's ability to do simple math is greatly impaired. driving tired has been shown to be as bad as driving drunk. moods change, depression, anxiety, and mania can be induced by lack of sleep. as much as people try to do without enough sleep it is a wonder more crazy things don't happen in this world.
the house was located at the top of the hill at the end of a winding road. it wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed. they were just all too afraid to ever go and see it in person.
it was a simple green chair. there was nothing extraordinary about it or so it seemed. it was the type of chair one would pass without even noticing it was there, let alone what the actual color of it was. it was due to this common and unassuming appearance that few people actually stopped to sit in it and discover its magical powers.
she was infatuated with color. she didn't have a favorite color per se, but she did have a fondness for teals and sea greens. you could see it in the clothes she wore that color was an important part of her overall style. she took great pride that color flowed from her and that color was always all around her. that is why, she explained to her date sitting across the table, that she could never have a serious relationship with him due to the fact that he was colorblind.
they say you only come to peace with yourself when you know yourself better than those around you. derick knew nothing about this. he thought he had found peace but this was an illusion as he was about to find out with an unexpected occurrence that he actually knew nothing about himself. there was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe. all one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty. yet bob didn't see another option. he may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have. a choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly.
i'm so confused by your ridiculous meltdown that i must insist on some sort of explanation for your behavior towards me. it just doesn't make any sense. there's no way that i deserved the treatment you gave me without an explanation or an apology for how out of line you have been.
he lifted the bottle to his lips and took a sip of the drink. he had tasted this before, but he couldn't quite remember the time and place it had happened. he desperately searched his mind trying to locate and remember where he had tasted this when the bicycle ran over his foot.
there was something beautiful in his hate. it wasn't the hate itself as it was a disgusting display of racism and intolerance. it was what propelled the hate and the fact that although he had this hate, he didn't understand where it came from. it was at that moment that she realized that there was hope in changing him.
he swung back the fishing pole and cast the line which ell LO feet away into the river. the lure landed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would soon get a bite. he never expected that the bite would come from behind in the form of a bear.
he wondered if he should disclose the truth to his friends. it would be a risky move. yes, the truth would make things a lot easier if they all stayed on the same page, but the truth might fracture the group leaving everything in even more of a mess than it was not telling the truth. it was time to decide which way to go.
there was something in the tree. it was difficult to tell from the ground, but rachael could see movement. she squinted her eyes and peered in the direction of the movement, trying to decipher exactly what she had spied. the more she peered, however, the more she thought it might be a figment of her imagination. nothing seemed to move until the moment she began to take her eyes off the tree. then in the corner of her eye, she would see the movement again and begin the process of staring again.
they decided to find the end of the rainbow. while they hoped they would find a pot of gold, neither of them truly believed that the mythical pot would actually be there. nor did they believe they could actually find the end of the rainbow. still, it seemed like a fun activity for the day, and pictures of them chasing rainbows would look great on their instagram accounts. they would have never believed they would actually find the end of a rainbow, and when they did, what they actually found there.
what if dogs were racist? would they care about fur color.
.. "son, only play with other tan dogs"? or maybe it would depend on breed, "honey, only play with other german shepards, never poodles". better yet it could depend on occupation. "i'm a sled dog while you're only a running companion, leave me alone". maybe the neighborhood they live in could be the way they choose which dogs to associate with and which to shun? size could be the determining factor, "see how tall that dog is, they are probably dumb". luckily dogs don't discriminate. just watch at a dog park. big black and white dogs wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs. a service dog chases after the same ball as the off-duty police dog. so if dogs don't discriminate then why do we?
the time had come for nancy to say goodbye. she had been dreading this moment for a good six months, and it had finally arrived despite her best efforts to forestall it. no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't keep the inevitable from happening. so the time had come for a normal person to say goodbye and move on. it was at this moment that nancy decided not to be a normal person. after all the time and effort she had expended, she couldn't bring herself to do it.
it was cloudy outside but not really raining. there was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella. this hadn't stopped sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it. it had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day. sarah used the umbrella to hide.
betty was a creature of habit and she thought she liked it that way. that was until dave showed up in her life. she now had a choice to make and it would determine whether her lie remained the same or if it would change forever.
it's an unfortunate reality that we don't teach people how to make money Bbeyond getting a S to O job, as part of our education system. the truth is there are a lot of different, legitimate ways to make money. that doesn't mean they are easy and that you won't have to work hard to succeed, but it does mean that if you're willing to open your mind a bit you don't have to be stuck in an office from S to O for the next fifty years o your life.
the headache wouldn't go away. she's taken medicine but even that didn't help. the monstrous throbbing in her head continued. she had this happen to her only once before in her life and she realized that only one thing could be happening.
although scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did. they had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something joe apologized for doing didn't really matter. scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as joe continued to apologize. scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same.
the coin hovered in the air, spinning over and over again. it reached its peak and began to descend. both boys were pleading with it to land a certain way but the coin had already made up its mind on what it was going to do.
the tree missed the days the kids used to come by and play. it still wore the tire swing the kids had put up in its branches years ago although both the tire and the rope had seen better days. the tree had watched all the kids in the neighborhood grow up and leave, and it wondered if there would ever be a time when another child played and laughed again under its branches. that was the hope that the tree wished every day as the swing gently swung empty in the wind.
spending time at national parks can be an exciting adventure, but this wasn't the type of excitement she was hoping to experience. as she contemplated the situation she found herself in, she knew she'd gotten herself in a little more than she bargained for. it wasn't often that she found herself in a tree staring down at a pack of wolves that were looking to make her their next meal.
it had been a simple realization that had changed debra's life perspective. it was really so simple that she was embarrassed that she had lived the previous five years with the way she measured her worth. now that she saw what she had been doing, she could see how sad it was. that made her all the more relieved she had made the change. the number of hearts her instagram posts received wasn't any longer the indication of her own self-worth.
he stepped away from the mic. this was the best take he had done so far, but something seemed missing. then it struck him all at once. visuals ran in front of his eyes and music rang in his ears. his eager fingers went to work in an attempt to capture his thoughts hoping the results would produce something that was at least half their glory.
a long black shadow slid across the pavement near their feet and the five venusians, very much startled, looked overhead. they were barely in time to see the huge gray form of the carnivore before it vanished behind a sign atop a nearby building which bore the mystifying information "pepsi-cola."
cake or pie? i can tell a lot about you by which one you pick. it may seem silly, but cake people and pie people are really different. i know which one i hope you are, but that's not for me to decide. so, what is it? cake or pie?
she tried not to judge him. his ratty clothes and unkempt hair made him look homeless. was he really the next einstein as she had been told? on the off chance it was true, she continued to try not to judge him.
finding the red rose in the mailbox was a pleasant surprise for sarah. she didn't have a boyfriend or know of anyone who was interested in her as anything more than a friend. there wasn't even a note attached to it. although it was a complete mystery, it still made her heart jump and race a little more than usual. she wished that she could simply accept the gesture and be content knowing someone had given it to her, but that wasn't the way sarah did things. now it was time to do a little detective work and try to figure who had actually left the red rose.
he collected the plastic trash on a daily basis. it never seemed to end. even if he cleaned the entire beach, more plastic would cover it the next day after the tide had come in. although it was a futile effort that would never be done, he continued to pick up the trash each day.
it was difficult for him to admit he was wrong. he had been so certain that he was correct and the deeply held belief could never be shaken. yet the proof that he had been incorrect stood right before his eyes. "see daddy, i told you that they are real;" his daughter excitedly proclaimed.
the trees, therefore, must be such old and primitive techniques that they thought nothing of them, deeming them so inconsequential that even savages like us would know of them and not be suspicious. at that, they probably didn't have too much time after they detected us orbiting and intending to land. and if that were true, there could be only one place where their civilization was hidden.
the red glow of tail lights indicating another long drive home from work after an even longer LN-hour shift at the hospital. the shift hadn't been horrible but the constant stream of patients entering the er meant there was no downtime. she had some of the "regulars" in tonight with new ailments they were sure were going to kill them. it's amazing what a couple of tylenol and a physical exam from the doctor did to eliminate their pain, nausea, headache, or whatever other mild symptoms they had. sometimes she wondered if all they really needed was some interaction with others and a bit of the individual attention they received from the nurses.
there were only two ways to get out of this mess if they all worked together. the problem was that neither was all that appealing. one would likely cause everyone a huge amount of physical pain while the other would likely end up with everyone in jail. in sam's mind, there was only one thing to do. he threw everyone else under the bus and he secretly sprinted away leaving the others to take the fall without him.
it was the best compliment that he'd ever received although the person who gave it likely never knew. it had been an off-hand observation on his ability to hold a conversation and actually add pertinent information to it on practically any topic. although he hadn't consciously strived to be able to do so, he'd started to voraciously read the news when he couldn't keep up on topics his friends discussed because their conversations went above his head. the fact that someone had noticed enough to compliment him that he could talk intelligently about many topics meant that he had succeeded in his quest to be better informed.
i recollect that my first exploit in squirrel-shooting was in a grove of tall walnut-trees that shades one side of the valley. i had wandered into it at noontime, when all nature is peculiarly quiet, and was startled by the roar of my own gun, as it broke the sabbath stillness around and was prolonged and reverberated by the angry echoes.
there was something special about this little creature. donna couldn't quite pinpoint what it was, but she knew with all her heart that it was true. it wasn't a matter of if she was going to try and save it, but a matter of how she was going to save it. she went back to the car to get a blanket and when she returned the creature was gone.
it was a simple green chair. there was nothing extraordinary about it or so it seemed. it was the type of chair one would pass without even noticing it was there, let alone what the actual color of it was. it was due to this common and unassuming appearance that few people actually stopped to sit in it and discover its magical powers.
she nervously peered over the edge. she understood in her mind that the view was supposed to be beautiful, but all she felt was fear. there had always been something about heights that disturbed her, and now she could feel the full force of this unease. she reluctantly crept a little closer with the encouragement of her friends as the fear continued to build. she couldn't help but feel that something horrible was about to happen.
the young man wanted a role model. he looked long and hard in his youth, but that role model never materialized. his only choice was to embrace all the people in his life he didn't want to be like.
the clowns had taken over. and yes, they were literally clowns. over KJJ had appeared out of a small vw bug that had been driven up to the bank. now they were all inside and had taken it over.
the light was out on the front porch of the house. this was strange. judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever seen it out. she hopped out of her car and walked to the door. it was slightly ajar and she knew this meant something terrible. she gently pushed the door open and hall her fears were realized. "surprise; happy birthday;" everyone shouted.
frank knew there was a correct time and place to reveal his secret and this wasn't it. the issue was that the secret might be revealed despite his best attempt to keep it from coming out. at this point, it was out of his control and completely dependant on those around him who also knew the secret. they wouldn't purposely reveal it, or at least he believed that, but they could easily inadvertently expose it. it was going to be a long hour as he nervously eyed everyone around the table hoping they would keep their mouths shut.
he had three simple rules by which he lived. the first was to never eat blue food. there was nothing in nature that was edible that was blue. people often asked about blueberries, but everyone knows those are actually purple. he understood it was one of the stranger rules to live by, but it had served him well thus far in the OJ. years of his life.
time is all relative based on age and experience. when you are a child an hour is a long time to wait but a very short time when that's all the time you are allowed on your ipad. as a teenager time goes faster the more deadlines you have and the more you procrastinate. as a young adult, you think you have forever to live and don't appreciate the time you spend with others. as a middle-aged adult, time flies by as you watch your children grow up. and finally, as you get old and you have fewer responsibilities and fewer demands on you, time slows. you appreciate each day and are thankful you are alive. an hour is the same amount of time for everyone yet it can feel so different in how it goes by.
they say you only come to peace with yourself when you know yourself better than those around you. derick knew nothing about this. he thought he had found peace but this was an illusion as he was about to find out with an unexpected occurrence that he actually knew nothing about himself.
the choice was red, green, or blue. it didn't seem like an important choice when he was making it, but it was a choice nonetheless. had he known the consequences at that time, he would likely have considered the choice a bit longer. in the end, he didn't and ended up choosing blue.
matt told her to reach for the stars, but veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received. sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it.
mary had to make a decision and she knew that whatever decision she made, it would upset someone. it seemed like such a silly reason for people to get upset but she knew the minute that she began to consider doing it that there was no way everyone in her life would be pleased with what she ultimately decided to do. it was simply a question of who she would rather displease most. while this had always been her parents, and especially her mom, in the past that she tried to keep from upsetting, she decided that this time the person she was going to please the most with her decision was herself.
her hand was balled into a fist with her keys protruding out from between her fingers. this was the weapon her father had shown her how to make when she walked alone to her car after work. she wished that she had something a little more potent than keys between her fingers. it would have been nice to have some mace or pepper spray. he had been meaning to buy some but had never gotten around to it. as the mother bear took another step forward with her cubs in tow, she knew her fist with keys wasn't going to be an adequate defense for this situation.
it was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind. he'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped. there was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last.
i'm meant to be writing at this moment. what i mean is, i'm meant to be writing something else at this moment. the document i'm meant to be writing is, of course, open in another program on my computer and is patiently awaiting my attention. yet here i am plonking down senseless sentiments in this paragraph because it's easier to do than to work on anything particularly meaningful. i am grateful for the distraction.
the wave crashed and hit the sandcastle head-on. the sandcastle began to melt under the waves force and as the wave receded, half the sandcastle was gone. the next wave hit, not quite as strong, but still managed to cover the remains of the sandcastle and take more of it away. the third wave, a big one, crashed over the sandcastle completely covering and engulfing it. when it receded, there was no trace the sandcastle ever existed and hours of hard work disappeared forever.
it was a simple tip of the hat. grace didn't think that anyone else besides her had even noticed it. it wasn't anything that the average person would notice, let alone remember at the end of the day. that's why it seemed so unbelievable that this little gesture would ultimately change the course of the world.
the rain and wind abruptly stopped, but the sky still had the gray swirls of storms in the distance. dave knew this feeling all too well. the calm before the storm. he only had a limited amount of time before all hell broke loose, but he stopped to admire the calmness. maybe it would be different this time, he thought, with the knowledge deep within that it wouldn't. sometimes that's just the way it has to be. sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind. it was done and that was that. it was just the way it had to be.
it seemed like it should have been so simple. there was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. it was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case. the deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.
patricia's friend who was here hardly had any issues at all, but she wasn't telling the truth. yesterday, before she left to go home, she heard that her husband is in the hospital and pretended to be surprised. it later came out that she was the person who had put him there.
"are you getting my texts???" she texted to him. he glanced at it and chuckled under his breath. of course he was getting them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? he put the phone down and continued on his project. he was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so.
the leather jacked showed the scars of being his favorite for years. it wore those scars with pride, feeling that they enhanced his presence rather than diminishing it. the scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed to the point that it had become ratty. the jacket was in its prime and it knew it.
he had done everything right. there had been no mistakes throughout the entire process. it had been perfection and he knew it without a doubt, but the results still stared back at him with the fact that he had lost.
she looked at her student wondering if she could ever get through. "you need to learn to think for yourself," she wanted to tell him. "your friends are holding you back and bringing you down." but she didn't because she knew his friends were all that he had and even if that meant a life of misery, he would never give them up.
her breath exited her mouth in big puffs as if she were smoking a cigarette. the morning dew had made her clothes damp and she shivered from the chill in the air. there was only one thing that could get her up and out this early in the morning.
dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament. he ran through all the events that had lead to this current situation and it still didn't make sense. he wanted to spend some time to try and make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment. the first was how to get out of his current situation of being naked in a tree with snow falling all around and no way for him to get down.
although scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did. they had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something joe apologized for doing didn't really matter. scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as joe continued to apologize. scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same.
one foot in front of the other, one more step, and then one more. jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest. he's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step. then another. and then one more.
he knew what he was supposed to do. that had been apparent from the beginning. that was what made the choice so difficult. what he was supposed to do and what he would do were not the same. this would have been fine if he were willing to face the inevitable consequences, but he wasn't.
he collected the plastic trash on a daily basis. it never seemed to end. even if he cleaned the entire beach, more plastic would cover it the next day after the tide had come in. although it was a futile effort that would never be done, he continued to pick up the trash each day.
it's an unfortunate reality that we don't teach people how to make money Bbeyond getting a S to O job, as part of our education system. the truth is there are a lot of different, legitimate ways to make money. that doesn't mean they are easy and that you won't have to work hard to succeed, but it does mean that if you're willing to open your mind a bit you don't have to be stuck in an office from S to O for the next fifty years o your life.
at that moment, she realized that she had created her current life. it wasn't the life she wanted, but she took responsibility for how it currently stood. something clicked and she saw that every choice she made to this point in her life had led to where her life stood at this very moment even if she knew this wasn't where she wanted to be. she determined to choose to change it.
he slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice he has especially chiseled off a larger block. he didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive than how he actually liked it. it was all about image and he'd managed to perfect the image that he wanted to project.
"begin today;" that's all the note said. there was no indication from where it came or who may have written it. had it been meant for someone else? meghan looked around the room, but nobody made eye contact back. for a brief moment, she thought it might be a message for her to follow her dreams, but ultimately decided it was easier to ignore it as she crumpled it up and threw it away.
stormi is a dog. she is dark grey and has long legs. her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking. her tongue is long, pink, and wet. her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies. she can be a good dog, but also very bad. her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad. stormi is a dog i love.
sometimes it just doesn't make sense. the man walking down the street in a banana suit. the llama standing in the middle of the road. the fairies dancing in front of the car window. the fact that all of this was actually happening and wasn't a dream.
this is important to remember. love isn't like pie. you don't need to divide it among all your friends and loved ones. no matter how much love you give, you can always give more. it doesn't run out, so don't try to hold back giving it as if it may one day run out. give it freely and as much as you want.
the red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox. it had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well. the other toys grumbled beneath. at one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box.
it was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed. you want to look, but you don't at the same time. you're frozen with fear and unable to act. that's where she found herself and she didn't know what to do next
it had become a far too common an event in her life. she has specifically placed the key to the box in a special place so that she wouldn't lose it and know exactly where it was when the key was needed. now that she needed to open the box, she had absolutely no idea where that special spot she placed the key might be.
she sat deep in thought. the next word that came out o her mouth would likely be the most important word of her life. it had to be exact with no possibility of being misinterpreted. she was ready. she looked deeply into his eyes and said, "octopus."
out of another, i get a lovely view of the bay and a little private wharf belonging to the estate. there is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house. i always fancy i see people walking in these numerous paths and arbors, but john has cautioned me not to give way to fancy in the least. he says that with my imaginative power and habit of story-making a nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all manner of excited fancies and that i ought to use my will and good sense to check the tendency. so i try.
eating raw fish didn't sound like a good idea. "it's a delicacy in japan," didn't seem to make it any more appetizing. raw fish is raw fish, delicacy or not.
there were only two ways to get out of this mess if they all worked together. the problem was that neither was all that appealing. one would likely cause everyone a huge amount of physical pain while the other would likely end up with everyone in jail. in sam's mind, there was only one thing to do. he threw everyone else under the bus and he secretly sprinted away leaving the others to take the fall without him.
bryan had made peace with himself and felt comfortable with the choices he made. this had made all the difference in the world. being alone no longer bothered him and this was essential since there was a good chance he might spend the rest of his life alone in a cell.
it wasn't quite yet time to panic. there was still time to salvage the situation. at least that is what she was telling himself. the reality was that it was time to panic and there wasn't time to salvage the situation, but he continued to delude himself into believing there was.
one dollar and eighty-seven cents. that was all. and sixty cents of it was in pennies. pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one's cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied. one dollar and eighty-seven cents. and the next day would be christmas...
ten more steps. if he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move. he tried to will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain. ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it.
it was the first day of the rest of her life. this wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward. although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing. her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend. she threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life.
the cab arrived late. the inside was in as bad of shape as the outside which was concerning, and it didn't appear that it had been cleaned in months. the green tree air-freshener hanging from the rearview mirror was either exhausted of its scent or not strong enough to overcome the other odors emitting from the cab. the correct decision, in this case, was to get the hell out of it and to call another cab, but she was late and didn't have a choice.
it was a simple green chair. there was nothing extraordinary about it or so it seemed. it was the type of chair one would pass without even noticing it was there, let alone what the actual color of it was. it was due to this common and unassuming appearance that few people actually stopped to sit in it and discover its magical powers.
it was supposed to be a dream vacation. they had planned it over a year in advance so that it would be perfect in every way. it had been what they had been looking forward to through all the turmoil and negativity around them. it had been the light at the end of both their tunnels. now that the dream vacation was only a week away, the virus had stopped all air travel.
the trail to the left had a "danger; do not pass" sign telling people to take the trail to the right. this wasn't the way zeke approached his hiking. rather than a warning, zeke read the sign as an invitation to explore an area that would be adventurous and exciting. as the others in the group all shited to the right, zeke slipped past the danger sign to begin an adventure he would later regret.
they had no proof. he knew that they knew he had done it but they didn't have any proof. it was a huge distinction and it was the difference between him keeping his freedom or being locked away for decades. they continued to question him, probing him for information that they could use against him or find the proof they needed to put him away. he smiled and continued to block their every inquiry by feigning his innocence for a crime they all knew he committed.
the tree missed the days the kids used to come by and play. it still wore the tire swing the kids had put up in its branches years ago although both the tire and the rope had seen better days. the tree had watched all the kids in the neighborhood grow up and leave, and it wondered if there would ever be a time when another child played and laughed again under its branches. that was the hope that the tree wished every day as the swing gently swung empty in the wind.
i'm heading back to colorado tomorrow after being down in santa barbara over the weekend for the festival there. i will be making october plans once there and will try to arrange so i'm back here for the birthday if possible. i'll let you know as soon as i know the doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans.
there was no time. he ran out of the door without half the stuff he needed for work, but it didn't matter. he was late and if he didn't make this meeting on time, someone's life may be in danger.
it was just a burger. why couldn't she understand that? she knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? she wasn't even supposed to have found out. yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger.
it really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve. that's what he kept trying to convince himself. she was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome. he already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make. the question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve.
they argue. while the argument seems to be different the truth is it's always the same. yes, the topic may be different or the circumstances, but when all said and done, it all came back to the same thing. they both knew it, but neither has the courage or strength to address the underlying issue. so they continue to argue.
they needed to find a place to eat. the kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they didn't find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown. even knowing this, the solution wasn't easy. everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others. it seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown. yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly.
she asked the question even though she didn't really want to hear the answer. it was a no-win situation since she already knew. if he told the truth, she'd get confirmation of her worst fears. if he lied, she'd know that he wasn't who she thought he was which would be almost as bad. yet she asked the question anyway and waited for his answer.
marylou wore the tiara with pride. there was something that made doing anything she didn't really want to do a bit easier when she wore it. she really didn't care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment.
"so, what do you think?" he asked nervously. he wanted to know the answer, but at the same time, he didn't. he'd put his heart and soul into the project and he wasn't sure he'd be able to recover if they didn't like what he produced. the silence from the others in the room seemed to last a lifetime even though it had only been a moment since he asked the question. "so, what do you think?" he asked again.
to the two friends, the treehouse was much more than a treehouse. it was a sanctuary away from the other kids where they could be themselves without being teased or bullied. it was their secret fortress hidden high in the branches of a huge oak that only they knew existed. at least that is what they thought. they were more than a little annoyed when their two younger sisters decided to turn the treehouse into a princess castle by painting the inside pink and putting glitter everywhere.
all he wanted was a candy bar. it didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request. it might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face.
there wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention. it was the clouds. the deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these. she knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared. they had always called it the green river. it made sense. the river was green. the river likely had a different official name, but to everyone in town, it was and had always been the green river. so it was with great surprise that on this day the green river was a fluorescent pink.
they argue. while the argument seems to be different the truth is it's always the same. yes, the topic may be different or the circumstances, but when all said and done, it all came back to the same thing. they both knew it, but neither has the courage or strength to address the underlying issue. so they continue to argue.
he stared out the window at the snowy field. he'd been stuck in the house for close to a month and his only view of the outside world was through the window. there wasn't much to see. it was mostly just the field with an occasional bird or small animal who ventured into the field. as he continued to stare out the window, he wondered how much longer he'd be shackled to the steel bar inside the house.
you're going to make a choice today that will have a direct impact on where you are five years from now. the truth is, you'll make choice like that every day of your life. the problem is that on most days, you won't know the choice you make will have such a huge impact on your life in the future. so if you want to end up in a certain place in the future, you need to be careful of the choices you make today.
the bowl was filled with fruit. it seemed to be an overabundance of strawberries, but it also included blueberries, raspberries, grapes, and banana slices. this was the meal sarah had every morning to start her day since she could remember. why she decided to add chocolate as an option today was still a bit of a surprise, but she had been in the process of deciding she wanted to change her routine. this was a baby step to begin that start.
it all started with a random letter. several of those were joined forces to create a random word. the words decided to get together and form a random sentence. they decided not to stop there and it wasn't long before a random paragraph had been cobbled together. the question was whether or not they could continue the momentum long enough to create a random short story.
there were about twenty people on the dam. most of them were simply walking and getting exercise. there were a few who were fishing. there was a family who had laid down a blanket and they were having a picnic. it was like this most days and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. the problem was that nobody noticed the water leaking through the dam wall.
stormi is a dog. she is dark grey and has long legs. her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking. her tongue is long, pink, and wet. her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies. she can be a good dog, but also very bad. her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad. stormi is a dog i love.
he wandered down the stairs and into the basement. the damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air. a single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper. he inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over LO years. he was positive that this was the place he wanted to live.
he collected the plastic trash on a daily basis. it never seemed to end. even if he cleaned the entire beach, more plastic would cover it the next day after the tide had come in. although it was a futile effort that would never be done, he continued to pick up the trash each day.
the thing that's great about this job is the time sourcing the items involves no traveling. i just look online to buy it. it's really as simple as that. while everyone else is searching for what they can sell, i sit in front of my computer and buy better stuff for less money and spend a fraction of the time doing it.
she had come to the conclusion that you could tell a lot about a person by their ears. the way they stuck out and the size of the earlobes could give you wonderful insights into the person. of course, she couldn't scientifically prove any of this, but that didn't matter to her. before anything else, she would size up the ears of the person she was talking to.
betty decided to write a short story and she was sure it was going to be amazing. she had already written it in her head and each time she thought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowing how wonderful it would be. she could imagine the accolades coming in and the praise she would receive for creating such a wonderful piece. she was therefore extremely frustrated when she actually sat down to write the short story and the story that was so beautiful inside her head refused to come out that way on paper.
sometimes that's just the way it has to be. sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind. it was done and that was that. it was just the way it had to be.
the headache wouldn't go away. she's taken medicine but even that didn't help. the monstrous throbbing in her head continued. she had this happen to her only once before in her life and she realized that only one thing could be happening.
sometimes it's simply better to ignore the haters. that's the lesson that tom's dad had been trying to teach him, but tom still couldn't let it go. he latched onto them and their hate and couldn't let it go, but he also realized that this wasn't healthy. that's when he came up with his devious plan.
nobody really understood kevin. it wasn't that he was super strange or difficult. it was more that there wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him. this was a shame as kevin had many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had. it was even more of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if kevin offered to give them the answers. so, kevin remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself.
he walked down the steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secured as quickly as possible. bounding down the steps, he heard something behind him and quickly turned in a panic. there was nobody there but a pair of old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps he had just come down. had he past them without seeing them? it didn't seem possible. he was about to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled his body.
one foot in front of the other, one more step, and then one more. jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest. he's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step. then another. and then one more.
it was just a burger. why couldn't she understand that? she knew he'd completely changed his life around her eating habits, so why couldn't she give him a break this one time? she wasn't even supposed to have found out. yes, he had promised her and yes, he had broken that promise, but still in his mind, all it had been was just a burger.
it was their first date and she had been looking forward to it the entire week. she had her eyes on him for months, and it had taken a convoluted scheme with several friends to make it happen, but he'd finally taken the hint and asked her out. after all the time and effort she'd invested into it, she never thought that it would be anything but wonderful. it goes without saying that things didn't work out quite as she expected.
i love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as i begin to shape the log in front of me. the sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut i am making. the smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique. the water is sprayed out as i cut through the different layers of wood. a log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools. i have those hands and imagination. i use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object. that is why i enjoy turning wood.
patrick didn't want to go. the fact that she was insisting they must go made him want to go even less. he had no desire to make small talk with strangers he would never again see just to be polite. but she insisted that patrick go, and she would soon find out that this would be the biggest mistake she could make in their relationship.
it was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed. you want to look, but you don't at the same time. you're frozen with fear and unable to act. that's where she found herself and she didn't know what to do next
they told her that this was her once chance to show the world what she was made of. she believed them at the time. it was the big stage and she knew the world would be there to see. the only one who had disagreed with this sentiment was her brother. he had told her that you don't show the world what you're made of when they are all watching, you show that in your actions when nobody was looking. it was looking more and more like her brother was correct.
it was supposed to be a dream vacation. they had planned it over a year in advance so that it would be perfect in every way. it had been what they had been looking forward to through all the turmoil and negativity around them. it had been the light at the end of both their tunnels. now that the dream vacation was only a week away, the virus had stopped all air travel.
april seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices. she looked at her bed and what a mess it had become. how did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night?
it was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind. he'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped. there was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last.
the words hadn't flowed from his fingers for the past few weeks. he never imagined he'd find himself with writer's block, but here he sat with a blank screen in front of him. that blank screen taunting him day after day had started to play with his mind. he didn't understand why he couldn't even type a single word, just one to begin the process and build from there. and yet, he already knew that the eight hours he was prepared to sit in front of his computer today would end with the screen remaining blank.
the red glint of paint sparkled under the sun. he had dreamed of owning this car since he was ten, and that dream had become a reality less than a year ago. it was his baby and he spent hours caring for it, pampering it, and fondling over it. she knew this all too well, and that's exactly why she had taken a sludge hammer to it.
"i'll talk to you tomorrow in more detail at our meeting, but i think i've found a solution to our problem. it's not exactly legal, but it won't land us in jail for the rest of our lives either. are you willing to take the chance?" monroe asked his partner over the phone.
spending time at national parks can be an exciting adventure, but this wasn't the type of excitement she was hoping to experience. as she contemplated the situation she found herself in, she knew she'd gotten herself in a little more than she bargained for. it wasn't often that she found herself in a tree staring down at a pack of wolves that were looking to make her their next meal.
she reached her goal, exhausted. even more chilling to her was that the euphoria that she thought she'd feel upon reaching it wasn't there. something wasn't right. was this the only feeling she'd have for over five years of hard work?
the alarm went off and jake rose awake. rising early had become a daily ritual, one that he could not fully explain. from the outside, it was a wonder that he was able to get up so early each morning for someone who had absolutely no plans to be productive during the entire day.
she sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places. she paused and considered all that had happened. it hadn't gone as expected. when the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day's events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day.
his parents continued to question him. he didn't know what to say to them since they refused to believe the truth. he explained again and again, and they dismissed his explanation as a figment of his imagination. there was no way that grandpa, who had been dead for five years, could have told him where the treasure had been hidden. of course, it didn't help that grandpa was roaring with laughter in the chair next to him as he tried to explain once again how he'd found it.
there were two things that were important to tracey. the first was her dog. anyone that had ever met tracey knew how much she loved her dog. most would say that she treated it as her child. the dog went everywhere with her and it had been her best friend for the past five years. the second thing that was important to tracey, however, would be a lot more surprising to most people.
i checked in for the night at out o the way motel. what a bad choice that was. first i took a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain. next, the towel rack fell down when i reached for the one small bath towel. this allowed the towel to fall halfway into the toilet. i tried to watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wouldn't stop scrolling through the channels. i gave up for the night and crawled into bed. i stretched out my leg and felt something furry by my foot. filled with fear, i reached down and to my surprise, i pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear. after my initial relief that it wasn't alive, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon skin briefs filled my brain. i jumped out of the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted towards my car.
she looked at her student wondering if she could ever get through. "you need to learn to think for yourself," she wanted to tell him. "your friends are holding you back and bringing you down." but she didn't because she knew his friends were all that he had and even if that meant a life of misery, he would never give them up.
finding the red rose in the mailbox was a pleasant surprise for sarah. she didn't have a boyfriend or know of anyone who was interested in her as anything more than a friend. there wasn't even a note attached to it. although it was a complete mystery, it still made her heart jump and race a little more than usual. she wished that she could simply accept the gesture and be content knowing someone had given it to her, but that wasn't the way sarah did things. now it was time to do a little detective work and try to figure who had actually left the red rose.
puppies are soft, cute, funny, and make a big mess. every month or two our family fosters P-KL week old puppies for a puppy rescue nonprofit organization. we all enjoy cuddling their furry bodies after a clean bath. fresh puppy smell is great. the puppies play with each other and our adult dog. they look so funny when they lay on top of each other and sleep. while puppies can be great fun, they also can make big messes. N-P puppies can make a lot of puppy pee and poop. it's a challenge to keep the puppies and the puppy pen clean.
have you ever wondered about toes? why KJ toes and not KL. why are some bigger than others? some people can use their toes to pick up things while others can barely move them on command. some toes are nice to look at while others are definitely not something you want to look at. toes can be stubbed and make us scream. toes help us balance and walk. KJ toes are just something to ponder.
the kids were loud. they were way too loud for jerry, especially since this was a four-hour flight. the parents didn't seem to be able, or simply didn't want, to control them. they were yelling and fighting among themselves and it was impossible for any of the passengers to concentrate or rest. he thought about politely tapping on the parents' shoulders and asking them to try and get their kids under a bit more control, but before he did he came up with a better idea. sure, it was a bit sinister, and he'd probably end p in a lot of trouble, but he really didn't care at that point.
the answer was within her reach. it was hidden in a box and now that box sat directly in front of her. she'd spent years searching for it and could hardly believe she'd finally managed to find it. she turned the key to unlock the box and then gently lifted the top. she held her breath in anticipation of finally knowing the answer she had spent so much of her time in search of. as the lid came off she could see that the box was empty.
all he could think about was how it would all end. there was still a bit of uncertainty in the equation, but the basics were there for anyone to see. no matter how much he tried to see the positive, it wasn't anywhere to be seen. the end was coming and it wasn't going to be pretty.
the house was located at the top of the hill at the end of a winding road. it wasn't obvious that the house was there, but everyone in town knew that it existed. they were just all too afraid to ever go and see it in person.
the leather jacked showed the scars of being his favorite for years. it wore those scars with pride, feeling that they enhanced his presence rather than diminishing it. the scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed to the point that it had become ratty. the jacket was in its prime and it knew it.
i don't like cats and they don't like me. i used to be allergic to them and i would get stuffed up and have hives. that doesn't seem to happen anymore. but i still don't like them. i lived with M cats that were not good at peeing in the litter box. they seemed to find something important to me and pee on it. most of the time they peed on photographs or papers that would be ruined. cats also bring fleas into the house. there is nothing worse than having to flea dip cats and also flea bomb a home. that is why i don't like cats.
it was a simple tip of the hat. grace didn't think that anyone else besides her had even noticed it. it wasn't anything that the average person would notice, let alone remember at the end of the day. that's why it seemed so unbelievable that this little gesture would ultimately change the course of the world.
i'm meant to be writing at this moment. what i mean is, i'm meant to be writing something else at this moment. the document i'm meant to be writing is, of course, open in another program on my computer and is patiently awaiting my attention. yet here i am plonking down senseless sentiments in this paragraph because it's easier to do than to work on anything particularly meaningful. i am grateful for the distraction. one dollar and eighty-seven cents. that was all. and sixty cents of it was in pennies. pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one's cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied. one dollar and eighty-seven cents. and the next day would be christmas...
patrick didn't want to go. the fact that she was insisting they must go made him want to go even less. he had no desire to make small talk with strangers he would never again see just to be polite. but she insisted that patrick go, and she would soon find out that this would be the biggest mistake she could make in their relationship.
the amber droplet hung from the branch, reaching fullness and ready to drop. it waited. while many of the other droplets were satisfied to form as big as they could and release, this droplet had other plans. it wanted to be part of history. it wanted to be remembered long after all the other droplets had dissolved into history. so it waited for the perfect specimen to fly by to trap and capture that it hoped would eventually be discovered hundreds of years in the future.
there was only one way to do things in the statton house. that one way was to do exactly what the father, charlie, demanded. he made the decisions and everyone else followed without question. that was until today.
why do americans have so many different types of towels? we have beach towels, hand towels, bath towels, dish towels, camping towels, quick-dry towels, and let's not forget paper towels. would K type of towel work for each of these things? let's take a beach towel. it can be used to dry your hands and body with no difficulty. a beach towel could be used to dry dishes. just think how many dishes you could dry with one beach towel. i've used a beach towel with no adverse effects while camping. if you buy a thin beach towel it can dry quickly too. i'd probably cut up a beach towel to wipe down counters or for cleaning other items, but a full beach towel could be used too. is having so many types of towels an extravagant luxury that americans enjoy or is it necessary? i'd say it's overkill and we could cut down on the many types of towels that manufacturers deem necessary.
she looked at her little girl who was about to become a teen. she tried to think back to when the girl had been younger but failed to pinpoint the exact moment when she had become a little too big to pick up and carry. it hit her all at once. she was no longer a little girl and she stood there speechless with fear, sadness, and pride all running through her at the same time.
there are different types of secrets. she had held onto plenty of them during her life, but this one was different. she found herself holding onto the worst type. it was the type of secret that could gnaw away at your insides if you didn't tell someone about it, but it could end up getting you killed if you did.
at that moment, she realized that she had created her current life. it wasn't the life she wanted, but she took responsibility for how it currently stood. something clicked and she saw that every choice she made to this point in her life had led to where her life stood at this very moment even if she knew this wasn't where she wanted to be. she determined to choose to change it.
it really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve. that's what he kept trying to convince himself. she was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome. he already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make. the question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve.
he heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears. although it was soft and calming, he was wary. it seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on. he wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap.
she never liked cleaning the sink. it was beyond her comprehension how it got so dirty so quickly. it seemed that she was forced to clean it every other day. even when she was extra careful to keep things clean and orderly, it still ended up looking like a mess in a couple of days. what she didn't know was there was a tiny creature living in it that didn't like things neat.
sometimes it just doesn't make sense. the man walking down the street in a banana suit. the llama standing in the middle of the road. the fairies dancing in front of the car window. the fact that all of this was actually happening and wasn't a dream.
her breath exited her mouth in big puffs as if she were smoking a cigarette. the morning dew had made her clothes damp and she shivered from the chill in the air. there was only one thing that could get her up and out this early in the morning.
love isn't always a ray of sunshine. that's what the older girls kept telling her when she said she had found the perfect man. she had thought this was simply bitter talk on their part since they had been unable to find true love like hers. but now she had to face the fact that they may have been right. love may not always be a ray of sunshine. that is unless they were referring to how the sun can burn.
twenty seconds were all that was left and richard could hear each one tick by. fifteen seconds now remained and the panic began to fully set in. ten seconds and he wasn't sure he had enough time. five seconds, four, three, two, one...
he knew what he was supposed to do. that had been apparent from the beginning. that was what made the choice so difficult. what he was supposed to do and what he would do were not the same. this would have been fine if he were willing to face the inevitable consequences, but he wasn't.
the boy walked down the street in a carefree way, playing without notice of what was about him. he didn't hear the sound of the car as his ball careened into the road. he took a step toward it, and in doing so sealed his fate.
"explain to me again why i shouldn't cheat?" he asked. "all the others do and nobody ever gets punished for doing so. i should go about being happy losing to cheaters because i know that i don't? that's what you're telling me?"
i love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as i begin to shape the log in front of me. the sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut i am making. the smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique. the water is sprayed out as i cut through the different layers of wood. a log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools. i have those hands and imagination. i use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object. that is why i enjoy turning wood.
the shades were closed keeping the room dark. peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower. nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day. he stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day.
all he could think about was how it would all end. there was still a bit of uncertainty in the equation, but the basics were there for anyone to see. no matter how much he tried to see the positive, it wasn't anywhere to be seen. the end was coming and it wasn't going to be pretty.
samantha wanted to be famous. the problem was that she had never considered all the downsides to actually being famous. had she taken the time to objectively consider these downsides, she would have never agreed to publically sing that first song.
there were little things that she simply could not stand. the sound of someone tapping their nails on the table. a person chewing with their mouth open. another human imposing themselves into her space. she couldn't stand any of these things, but none of them compared to the number one thing she couldn't stand which topped all of them combined.
it was always the monday mornings. it never seemed to happen on tuesday morning, wednesday morning, or any other morning during the week. but it happened every monday morning like clockwork. he mentally prepared himself to once again deal with what was about to happen, but this time he also placed a knife in his pocket just in case.
the wave roared towards them with speed and violence they had not anticipated. they both turned to run but by that time it was too late. the wave crashed into their legs sweeping both of them off of their feet. they now found themselves in a washing machine of saltwater, getting tumbled and not know what was up or down. both were scared, not knowing how this was going to end, but it was by far the best time of the trip thus far.
benny was tired. not the normal every day tired from a hard day o work. the exhausted type of tired where you're surprised your body can even move. all he wanted to do was sit in front of the tv, put his feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer. the only issue was that he had forgotten where he lived.
they argue. while the argument seems to be different the truth is it's always the same. yes, the topic may be different or the circumstances, but when all said and done, it all came back to the same thing. they both knew it, but neither has the courage or strength to address the underlying issue. so they continue to argue.
there was nothing to indicate nancy was going to change the world. she looked like an average girl going to an average high school. it was the fact that everything about her seemed average that would end up becoming her superpower.
the paper was blank. it shouldn't have been. there should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more. the fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating. actually, it was even more than frustrating. it was downright distressing.
he took a sip of the drink. he wasn't sure whether he liked it or not, but at this moment it didn't matter. she had made it especially for him so he would have forced it down even if he had absolutely hated it. that's simply the way things worked. she made him a new-fangled drink each day and he took a sip of it and smiled, saying it was excellent.
you can decide what you want to do in life, but i suggest doing something that creates. something that leaves a tangible thing once you're done. that way even after you're gone, you will still live on in the things you created.
he slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice he has especially chiseled off a larger block. he didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive than how he actually liked it. it was all about image and he'd managed to perfect the image that he wanted to project.
they rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need. there was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind. everything was thrown into the car and they sped off. thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all.
there was a time when this wouldn't have bothered her. the fact that it did actually bother her bothered her even more. what had changed in her life that such a small thing could annoy her so much for the entire day? she knew it was ridiculous that she even took notice of it, yet she was still obsessing over it as she tried to fall asleep.
the choice was red, green, or blue. it didn't seem like an important choice when he was making it, but it was a choice nonetheless. had he known the consequences at that time, he would likely have considered the choice a bit longer. in the end, he didn't and ended up choosing blue.
have you ever wondered about toes? why KJ toes and not KL. why are some bigger than others? some people can use their toes to pick up things while others can barely move them on command. some toes are nice to look at while others are definitely not something you want to look at. toes can be stubbed and make us scream. toes help us balance and walk. KJ toes are just something to ponder.
pink ponies and purple giraffes roamed the field. cotton candy grew from the ground as a chocolate river meandered off to the side. what looked like stones in the pasture were actually rock candy. everything in her dream seemed to be perfect except for the fact that she had no mouth.
it was easy to spot her. all you needed to do was look at her socks. they were never a matching pair. one would be green while the other would be blue. one would reach her knee while the other barely touched her ankle. every other part of her was perfect, but never the socks. they were her micro act of rebellion.
there were about twenty people on the dam. most of them were simply walking and getting exercise. there were a few who were fishing. there was a family who had laid down a blanket and they were having a picnic. it was like this most days and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. the problem was that nobody noticed the water leaking through the dam wall.
the drug seekers would come into the emergency room and scream about how much pain they were in. when you told them that you would start elevating their pain with tylenol or advil instead of a narcotic they became nasty and combative. they would start telling you what drug and dose they had to have to make their pain tolerable. after dealing with the same drug seekers several times a month it gets old. some of the doctors would give in and give them a dose of morphine and send them away. sure that was faster, but ethically she still couldn't do it. perhaps that's why she had longer care times than the other doctors.
since they are still preserved in the rocks for us to see, they must have been formed quite recently, that is, geologically speaking. what can explain these striations and their common orientation? did you ever hear about the great ice age or the pleistocene epoch? less than one million years ago, in fact, some KL,JJJ years ago, an ice sheet many thousands of feet thick rode over burke mountain in a southeastward direction. the many boulders frozen to the underside of the ice sheet tended to scratch the rocks over which they rode. the scratches or striations seen in the park rocks were caused by these attached boulders. the ice sheet also plucked and rounded burke mountain into the shape it possesses today.
sarah watched the whirlpool mesmerized. she couldn't take her eyes off the water swirling around and around. she stuck in small twigs and leaves to watch the whirlpool catch them and then suck them down. it bothered her more than a little bit that this could also be used as a metaphor for her life.
it seemed like it should have been so simple. there was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. it was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case. the deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.
he wandered down the stairs and into the basement. the damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air. a single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper. he inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over LO years. he was positive that this was the place he wanted to live.
there was no ring on his finger. that was a good sign although far from proof that he was available. still, it was much better than if he had been wearing a wedding ring on his hand. she glanced at his hand a bit more intently to see if there were any tan lines where a ring may have been, and he's simply taken it off. she couldn't detect any which was also a good sign and a relief. the next step would be to get access to his wallet to see if there were any family photos in it.
the time had come for nancy to say goodbye. she had been dreading this moment for a good six months, and it had finally arrived despite her best efforts to forestall it. no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't keep the inevitable from happening. so the time had come for a normal person to say goodbye and move on. it was at this moment that nancy decided not to be a normal person. after all the time and effort she had expended, she couldn't bring herself to do it.
the rain and wind abruptly stopped, but the sky still had the gray swirls of storms in the distance. dave knew this feeling all too well. the calm before the storm. he only had a limited amount of time before all hell broke loose, but he stopped to admire the calmness. maybe it would be different this time, he thought, with the knowledge deep within that it wouldn't.
it was hidden under the log beside the stream. it had been there for as long as jerry had been alive. he wasn't sure if anyone besides him and his friends knew of its existence. he knew that anyone could potentially find it, but it was well enough hidden that it seemed unlikely to happen. the fact that it had been there for more than MJ years attested to this. so it was quite a surprise when he found the item was missing.
housework could be everyone's work, not just "women's work". why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own. my friend's husband claimed he didn't know that sheets should be washed more than once a season. he said he didn't know one had to clean toilets. he assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves. she tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook. wouldn't it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is "just bad at it". my sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets. hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided.
the alarm went off at exactly P:JJ am as it had every morning for the past five years. barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by ::JJ am. the day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change. in fact, it was going to change at exactly ::LM am. terrance knew that sometimes it was simply best to stay out of it. he kept repeating this to himself as he watched the scene unfold. he knew that nothing good would come of him getting involved. it was far better for him to stay on the sidelines and observe. he kept yelling this to himself inside his head as he walked over to the couple and punched the man in the face.
matt told her to reach for the stars, but veronica thought it was the most ridiculous advice she'd ever received. sure, it had been well-meaning when he said it, but she didn't understand why anyone would want to suggest something that would literally kill you if you actually managed to achieve it.
i inadvertently went to see's candy last week Bi was in the mall looking for phone repair,, and as it turns out, see's candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- for even the simplest of their wee confection offerings. i bought two chocolate lollipops and two chocolate-caramel-almond things. the total cost was four-something. i mean, the candies were tasty and all, but let's be real: a snickers bar is fifty cents. after this dollar-per-candy revelation, i may not find myself wandering dreamily back into a see's candy any time soon.
she has seen this scene before. it had come to her in dreams many times before. she had to pinch herself to make sure it wasn't a dream again. as her fingers squeezed against her arm, she felt the pain. it was this pain that immediately woke her up.
there are only three ways to make this work. the first is to let me take care of everything. the second is for you to take care of everything. the third is to split everything OJ I OJ. i think the last option is the most preferable, but i'm certain it'll also mean the end of our marriage.
the kids were loud. they were way too loud for jerry, especially since this was a four-hour flight. the parents didn't seem to be able, or simply didn't want, to control them. they were yelling and fighting among themselves and it was impossible for any of the passengers to concentrate or rest. he thought about politely tapping on the parents' shoulders and asking them to try and get their kids under a bit more control, but before he did he came up with a better idea. sure, it was a bit sinister, and he'd probably end p in a lot of trouble, but he really didn't care at that point.
he swung back the fishing pole and cast the line which ell LO feet away into the river. the lure landed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would soon get a bite. he never expected that the bite would come from behind in the form of a bear.
i haven't bailed on writing. look, i'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track. i am making an effort. i will start writing consistently again;
no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened. it didn't even really make sense to him. all he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move. it was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene. he knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth.
i'm heading back to colorado tomorrow after being down in santa barbara over the weekend for the festival there. i will be making october plans once there and will try to arrange so i'm back here for the birthday if possible. i'll let you know as soon as i know the doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans.
one can cook on and with an open fire. these are some of the ways to cook with fire outside. cooking meat using a spit is a great way to evenly cook meat. in order to keep meat from burning, it's best to slowly rotate it. hot stones can be used to toast bread. coals are hot and can bring things to a boil quickly. if one is very adventurous, one can make a hole in the ground, fill it with coals and place foil-covered meat, veggies, and potatoes into the coals, and cover all of it with dirt. in a short period of time, the food will be baked. campfire cooking can be done in many ways.
she nervously peered over the edge. she understood in her mind that the view was supposed to be beautiful, but all she felt was fear. there had always been something about heights that disturbed her, and now she could feel the full force of this unease. she reluctantly crept a little closer with the encouragement of her friends as the fear continued to build. she couldn't help but feel that something horrible was about to happen.
he couldn't move. his head throbbed and spun. he couldn't decide if it was the flu or the drinking last night. it was probably a combination of both.
he ordered his regular breakfast. two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two strips of bacon. he continued to look at the menu wondering if this would be the day he added something new. this was also part of the routine. a few seconds of hesitation to see if something else would be added to the order before demuring and saying that would be all. it was the same exact meal that he had ordered every day for the past two years.
the paper was blank. it shouldn't have been. there should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more. the fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating. actually, it was even more than frustrating. it was downright distressing.
he watched as the young man tried to impress everyone in the room with his intelligence. there was no doubt that he was smart. the fact that he was more intelligent than anyone else in the room could have been easily deduced, but nobody was really paying any attention due to the fact that it was also obvious that the young man only cared about his intelligence.
the answer was within her reach. it was hidden in a box and now that box sat directly in front of her. she'd spent years searching for it and could hardly believe she'd finally managed to find it. she turned the key to unlock the box and then gently lifted the top. she held her breath in anticipation of finally knowing the answer she had spent so much of her time in search of. as the lid came off she could see that the box was empty.
spending time at national parks can be an exciting adventure, but this wasn't the type of excitement she was hoping to experience. as she contemplated the situation she found herself in, she knew she'd gotten herself in a little more than she bargained for. it wasn't often that she found herself in a tree staring down at a pack of wolves that were looking to make her their next meal.
it was easy to spot her. all you needed to do was look at her socks. they were never a matching pair. one would be green while the other would be blue. one would reach her knee while the other barely touched her ankle. every other part of her was perfect, but never the socks. they were her micro act of rebellion.
it had been a late night. to be more correct, it had been an early morning. it was now M:JJ am and george was just getting home. he wasn't sure if it had been worth it. he was supposed to have been finished by KJ:JJ pm, but his boss had implored him to stay and help when it was clear they weren't going to meet the KJ:JJ pm target time. so, he had stayed an extra O hours and lost a good night's sleep for something he didn't really believe in, but he did anyway because he was afraid if he refused he might lose his job.
it was difficult to explain to them how the diagnosis of certain death had actually given him life. while everyone around him was in tears and upset, he actually felt more at ease. the doctor said it would be less than a year. that gave him a year to live, something he'd failed to do with his daily drudgery of a routine that had passed as life until then.
it was a simple tip of the hat. grace didn't think that anyone else besides her had even noticed it. it wasn't anything that the average person would notice, let alone remember at the end of the day. that's why it seemed so unbelievable that this little gesture would ultimately change the course of the world.
love isn't always a ray of sunshine. that's what the older girls kept telling her when she said she had found the perfect man. she had thought this was simply bitter talk on their part since they had been unable to find true love like hers. but now she had to face the fact that they may have been right. love may not always be a ray of sunshine. that is unless they were referring to how the sun can burn.
it had been her dream for years but dana had failed to take any action toward making it come true. there had always been a good excuse to delay or prioritize another project. as she woke, she realized she was once again at a crossroads. would it be another excuse or would she finally find the courage to pursue her dream? dana rose and took her first step.
there was something in the tree. it was difficult to tell from the ground, but rachael could see movement. she squinted her eyes and peered in the direction of the movement, trying to decipher exactly what she had spied. the more she peered, however, the more she thought it might be a figment of her imagination. nothing seemed to move until the moment she began to take her eyes off the tree. then in the corner of her eye, she would see the movement again and begin the process of staring again.
sleep deprivation causes all sorts of challenges and problems. when one doesn't get enough sleep one's mind doesn't work clearly. studies have shown that after staying awake for LN hours one's ability to do simple math is greatly impaired. driving tired has been shown to be as bad as driving drunk. moods change, depression, anxiety, and mania can be induced by lack of sleep. as much as people try to do without enough sleep it is a wonder more crazy things don't happen in this world.
it was the best compliment that he'd ever received although the person who gave it likely never knew. it had been an off-hand observation on his ability to hold a conversation and actually add pertinent information to it on practically any topic. although he hadn't consciously strived to be able to do so, he'd started to voraciously read the news when he couldn't keep up on topics his friends discussed because their conversations went above his head. the fact that someone had noticed enough to compliment him that he could talk intelligently about many topics meant that he had succeeded in his quest to be better informed.
here's the thing. she doesn't have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway. that's just her character. she knows she doesn't have to, but she still will just to show you that she can. doubt her more and she'll prove she can again. we all already know this and you will too.
the box sat on the desk next to the computer. it had arrived earlier in the day and business had interrupted her opening it earlier. she didn't who had sent it and briefly wondered who it might have been. as she began to unwrap it, she had no idea that opening it would completely change her life.
he had disappointed himself more than anyone else. that wasn't to say that he hadn't disappointed others. the fact was that he had disappointed a lot of people who were close to him. the fact that they were disappointed in him was something that made him even more disappointed in himself. yet here he was, about to do the exact same things that had caused all the disappointment in the first place because he didn't know what else to do.
all he wanted was a candy bar. it didn't seem like a difficult request to comprehend, but the clerk remained frozen and didn't seem to want to honor the request. it might have had something to do with the gun pointed at his face.
the words hadn't flowed from his fingers for the past few weeks. he never imagined he'd find himself with writer's block, but here he sat with a blank screen in front of him. that blank screen taunting him day after day had started to play with his mind. he didn't understand why he couldn't even type a single word, just one to begin the process and build from there. and yet, he already knew that the eight hours he was prepared to sit in front of his computer today would end with the screen remaining blank.
twenty-five years dana had been waiting. she tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like. but today the opportunity had finally come. the thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen. she didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside.
she didn't understand how changed worked. when she looked at today compared to yesterday, there was nothing that she could see that was different. yet, when she looked at today compared to last year, she couldn't see how anything was ever the same.
she considered the birds to be her friends. she'd put out food for them each morning and then she'd watch as they came to the feeders to gorge themselves for the day. she wondered what they would do if something ever happened to her. would they miss the meals she provided if she failed to put out the food one morning?
the choice was red, green, or blue. it didn't seem like an important choice when he was making it, but it was a choice nonetheless. had he known the consequences at that time, he would likely have considered the choice a bit longer. in the end, he didn't and ended up choosing blue.
the computer wouldn't start. she banged on the side and tried again. nothing. she lifted it up and dropped it to the table. still nothing. she banged her closed fist against the top. it was at this moment she saw the irony of trying to fix the machine with violence.
things aren't going well at all with mom today. she is just a limp noodle and wants to sleep all the time. i sure hope that things get better soon.
the wave crashed and hit the sandcastle head-on. the sandcastle began to melt under the waves force and as the wave receded, half the sandcastle was gone. the next wave hit, not quite as strong, but still managed to cover the remains of the sandcastle and take more of it away. the third wave, a big one, crashed over the sandcastle completely covering and engulfing it. when it receded, there was no trace the sandcastle ever existed and hours of hard work disappeared forever.
it was the first day of the rest of her life. this wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward. although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing. her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend. she threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life.
stranded. yes, she was now the first person ever to land on venus, but that was of little consequence. her name would be read by millions in school as the first to land here, but that celebrity would never actually be seen by her. she looked at the control panel and knew there was nothing that would ever get it back into working order. she was the first and it was not clear this would also be her last.
the chair sat in the corner where it had been for over LO years. the only difference was there was someone actually sitting in it. how long had it been since someone had done that? ten years or more he imagined. yet there was no denying the presence in the chair now.
the red glint of paint sparkled under the sun. he had dreamed of owning this car since he was ten, and that dream had become a reality less than a year ago. it was his baby and he spent hours caring for it, pampering it, and fondling over it. she knew this all too well, and that's exactly why she had taken a sludge hammer to it.
breastfeeding is good for babies and moms. infants that are breastfed get antibodies from their mothers against common illnesses. breastfed babies have less chance of being obese as an adult. breastfeeding a baby lets the infant-mother pair bond in a very unique way. mother's who breastfeed lower their chances of developing breast cancer. usually, mothers who breastfeed lose their pregnancy weight more quickly and easily. the benefits of breastfeeding are numerous.
"explain to me again why i shouldn't cheat?" he asked. "all the others do and nobody ever gets punished for doing so. i should go about being happy losing to cheaters because i know that i don't? that's what you're telling me?"
she was aware that things could go wrong. in fact, she had trained her entire life in anticipation that things would go wrong one day. she had quiet confidence as she started to see that this was the day that all her training would be worthwhile and useful. at this point, she had no idea just how wrong everything would go that day.
he heard the loud impact before he ever saw the result. it had been so loud that it had actually made him jump back in his seat. as soon as he recovered from the surprise, he saw the crack in the windshield. it seemed to be an analogy of the current condition of his life.
twenty seconds were all that was left and richard could hear each one tick by. fifteen seconds now remained and the panic began to fully set in. ten seconds and he wasn't sure he had enough time. five seconds, four, three, two, one...
it was going to rain. the weather forecast didn't say that, but the steel plate in his hip did. he had learned over the years to trust his hip over the weatherman. it was going to rain, so he better get outside and prepare.
there were two things that were important to tracey. the first was her dog. anyone that had ever met tracey knew how much she loved her dog. most would say that she treated it as her child. the dog went everywhere with her and it had been her best friend for the past five years. the second thing that was important to tracey, however, would be a lot more surprising to most people. at that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider. "i could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." he tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent. it didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to.
he swung back the fishing pole and cast the line which ell LO feet away into the river. the lure landed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would soon get a bite. he never expected that the bite would come from behind in the form of a bear.
the robot clicked disapprovingly, gurgled briefly inside its cubical interior and extruded a pony glass of brownish liquid. "sir, you will undoubtedly end up in a drunkard's grave, dead of hepatic cirrhosis," it informed me virtuously as it returned my id card. i glared as i pushed the glass across the table.
it was a scrape that he hardly noticed. sure, there was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to most of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on his adventures. there was no way he could know that the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic material on it that was now racing through his bloodstream. he felt perfectly normal and continued his adventure with no knowledge of what was about to happen to him.
the red line moved across the page. with each millimeter it advanced forward, something changed in the room. the actual change taking place was difficult to perceive, but the change was real. the red line continued relentlessly across the page and the room would never be the same.
josh had spent year and year accumulating the information. he knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone looking for an expert in the field, josh would be the one to call. the problem was that there was nobody interested in the information besides him and he knew it. years of information painstakingly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving even an ounce of interest in the topic.
there are different types of secrets. she had held onto plenty of them during her life, but this one was different. she found herself holding onto the worst type. it was the type of secret that could gnaw away at your insides if you didn't tell someone about it, but it could end up getting you killed if you did.
there was only half a worm in the apple. at first, judy didn't quite comprehend what this meant. "why would only half a worm be living in an apple?" she wondered. and then it dawned on her. judy quickly spit out the bite she had just taken expecting to see the other half of the worm. it ended up being much worse than that.
don't be scared. the things out there that are unknown aren't scary in themselves. they are just unknown at the moment. take the time to know them before you list them as scary. then the world will be a much less scary place for you.
benny was tired. not the normal every day tired from a hard day o work. the exhausted type of tired where you're surprised your body can even move. all he wanted to do was sit in front of the tv, put his feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer. the only issue was that he had forgotten where he lived.
housework could be everyone's work, not just "women's work". why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own. my friend's husband claimed he didn't know that sheets should be washed more than once a season. he said he didn't know one had to clean toilets. he assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves. she tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook. wouldn't it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is "just bad at it". my sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets. hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided.
the light blinded him. it was dark and he thought he was the only one in the area, but the light shining in his eyes proved him wrong. it came from about KJJ feet away and was shining so directly into his eyes he couldn't make out anything about the person holding the light. there was only one thing to do in this situation. he reached into his pocket and pulled out a flashlight of his own that was much stronger than the one currently blinding him. he turned it on and pointed it into the stranger's eyes.
the computer wouldn't start. she banged on the side and tried again. nothing. she lifted it up and dropped it to the table. still nothing. she banged her closed fist against the top. it was at this moment she saw the irony of trying to fix the machine with violence.
do you really listen when you are talking with someone? i have a friend who listens in an unforgiving way. she actually takes every word you say as being something important and when you have a friend that listens like that, words take on a whole new meaning.
a long black shadow slid across the pavement near their feet and the five venusians, very much startled, looked overhead. they were barely in time to see the huge gray form of the carnivore before it vanished behind a sign atop a nearby building which bore the mystifying information "pepsi-cola."
ten more steps. if he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move. he tried to will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain. ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it.
it was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed. you want to look, but you don't at the same time. you're frozen with fear and unable to act. that's where she found herself and she didn't know what to do next
wandering down the path to the pond had become a daily routine. even when the weather wasn't cooperating like today with the wind and rain, jerry still took the morning stroll down the path until he reached the pond. although there didn't seem to be a particular reason jerry did this to anyone looking in from the outside, those who knew him well knew exactly what was going on. it could all be traced back to a specific incident that happened exactly O years previously.
they decided to find the end of the rainbow. while they hoped they would find a pot of gold, neither of them truly believed that the mythical pot would actually be there. nor did they believe they could actually find the end of the rainbow. still, it seemed like a fun activity for the day, and pictures of them chasing rainbows would look great on their instagram accounts. they would have never believed they would actually find the end of a rainbow, and when they did, what they actually found there.
one dollar and eighty-seven cents. that was all. and sixty cents of it was in pennies. pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one's cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied. one dollar and eighty-seven cents. and the next day would be christmas...
pink ponies and purple giraffes roamed the field. cotton candy grew from the ground as a chocolate river meandered off to the side. what looked like stones in the pasture were actually rock candy. everything in her dream seemed to be perfect except for the fact that she had no mouth.
she nervously peered over the edge. she understood in her mind that the view was supposed to be beautiful, but all she felt was fear. there had always been something about heights that disturbed her, and now she could feel the full force of this unease. she reluctantly crept a little closer with the encouragement of her friends as the fear continued to build. she couldn't help but feel that something horrible was about to happen.
there were about twenty people on the dam. most of them were simply walking and getting exercise. there were a few who were fishing. there was a family who had laid down a blanket and they were having a picnic. it was like this most days and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. the problem was that nobody noticed the water leaking through the dam wall.
it's not his fault. i know you're going to want to, but you can't blame him. he really has no idea how it happened. i kept trying to come up with excuses i could say to mom that would keep her calm when she found out what happened, but the more i tried, the more i could see none of them would work. he was going to get her wrath and there was nothing i could say to prevent it.
it probably seemed trivial to most people, but it mattered to tracey. she wasn't sure why it mattered so much to her, but she understood deep within her being that it mattered to her. so for the MPOth day in a row, tracey sat down to eat pancakes for breakfast.
she had come to the conclusion that you could tell a lot about a person by their ears. the way they stuck out and the size of the earlobes could give you wonderful insights into the person. of course, she couldn't scientifically prove any of this, but that didn't matter to her. before anything else, she would size up the ears of the person she was talking to.
peter always saw the world in black and white. there were two choices for every situation and you had to choose one of them. it was therefore terribly uncomfortable for him to spend time with ashley. she saw the world in shades of gray with hundreds of choices to choose from in every situation.
dave found joy in the daily routine of life. he awoke at the same time, ate the same breakfast and drove the same commute. he worked at a job that never seemed to change and he got home at P pm sharp every night. it was who he had been for the last ten years and he had no idea that was all about to change.
one foot in front of the other, one more step, and then one more. jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest. he's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step. then another. and then one more.
"do not enter." the sign made it clear that they didn't want anyone around. that wasn't going to stop jack. jack always lived with the notion that signs were mere suggestions, not actually absolute rules. that's why the moment jack looked at the "do not enter" sign, he walked past it and onto their property.
here's the thing. she doesn't have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway. that's just her character. she knows she doesn't have to, but she still will just to show you that she can. doubt her more and she'll prove she can again. we all already know this and you will too.
there wasn't a whole lot more that could be done. it had become a wait-and-see situation with the final results no longer in her control. that didn't stop her from trying to control the situation. she demanded that things be done as she desperately tried to control what couldn't be.
marylou wore the tiara with pride. there was something that made doing anything she didn't really want to do a bit easier when she wore it. she really didn't care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment.
was it a whisper or was it the wind? he wasn't quite sure. he thought he heard a voice but at this moment all he could hear was the wind rustling the leaves of the trees all around him. he stopped and listened more intently to see if he could hear the voice again. nothing but the wind rustling the leaves could be heard. he was about to continue his walk when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and he quickly turned to see who it was. there was nobody there, but he heard the voice again.
the clowns had taken over. and yes, they were literally clowns. over KJJ had appeared out of a small vw bug that had been driven up to the bank. now they were all inside and had taken it over.
it went through such rapid contortions that the little bear was forced to change his hold on it so many times he became confused in the darkness, and could not, for the life of him, tell whether he held the sheep right side up, or upside down. but that point was decided for him a moment later by the animal itself, who, with a sudden twist, jabbed its horns so hard into his lowest ribs that he gave a grunt of anger and disgust.
have you ever wondered about toes? why KJ toes and not KL. why are some bigger than others? some people can use their toes to pick up things while others can barely move them on command. some toes are nice to look at while others are definitely not something you want to look at. toes can be stubbed and make us scream. toes help us balance and walk. KJ toes are just something to ponder.
it had become a far too common an event in her life. she has specifically placed the key to the box in a special place so that she wouldn't lose it and know exactly where it was when the key was needed. now that she needed to open the box, she had absolutely no idea where that special spot she placed the key might be.
she had been an angel for coming up on KJ years and in all that time nobody had told her this was possible. the fact that it could ever happen never even entered her mind. yet there she stood, with the undeniable evidence sitting on the ground before her. angels could lose their wings.
samantha wanted to be famous. the problem was that she had never considered all the downsides to actually being famous. had she taken the time to objectively consider these downsides, she would have never agreed to publically sing that first song.
the red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox. it had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well. the other toys grumbled beneath. at one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box.
it was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind. he'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped. there was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last.
the picket fence had stood for years without any issue. that's all it was. a simple, white, picket fence. why it had all of a sudden become a lightning rod within the community was still unbelievable to most. yet a community that had once lived in harmony was now divided in bitter hatred and it had everything to do with the white picket fence.
the headphones were on. they had been utilized on purpose. she could hear her mom yelling in the background, but couldn't make out exactly what the yelling was about. that was exactly why she had put them on. she knew her mom would enter her room at any minute, and she could pretend that she hadn't heard any of the previous yelling.
i checked in for the night at out o the way motel. what a bad choice that was. first i took a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain. next, the towel rack fell down when i reached for the one small bath towel. this allowed the towel to fall halfway into the toilet. i tried to watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wouldn't stop scrolling through the channels. i gave up for the night and crawled into bed. i stretched out my leg and felt something furry by my foot. filled with fear, i reached down and to my surprise, i pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear. after my initial relief that it wasn't alive, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon skin briefs filled my brain. i jumped out of the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted towards my car.
the alarm went off at exactly P:JJ am as it had every morning for the past five years. barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by ::JJ am. the day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change. in fact, it was going to change at exactly ::LM am.
it's an unfortunate reality that we don't teach people how to make money Bbeyond getting a S to O job, as part of our education system. the truth is there are a lot of different, legitimate ways to make money. that doesn't mean they are easy and that you won't have to work hard to succeed, but it does mean that if you're willing to open your mind a bit you don't have to be stuck in an office from S to O for the next fifty years o your life.
then came the night of the first falling star. it was seen early in the morning, rushing over winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star. it seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him.
the tree missed the days the kids used to come by and play. it still wore the tire swing the kids had put up in its branches years ago although both the tire and the rope had seen better days. the tree had watched all the kids in the neighborhood grow up and leave, and it wondered if there would ever be a time when another child played and laughed again under its branches. that was the hope that the tree wished every day as the swing gently swung empty in the wind.
the cab arrived late. the inside was in as bad of shape as the outside which was concerning, and it didn't appear that it had been cleaned in months. the green tree air-freshener hanging from the rearview mirror was either exhausted of its scent or not strong enough to overcome the other odors emitting from the cab. the correct decision, in this case, was to get the hell out of it and to call another cab, but she was late and didn't have a choice. the lone lamp post of the one-street town flickered, not quite dead but definitely on its way out. suitcase by her side, she paid no heed to the light, the street or the town. a car was coming down the street and with her arm outstretched and thumb in the air, she had a plan.
my pincher collar is snapped on. then comes the electric zapper collar. finally, my purple at-home collar is taken off and i know i'm going for a walk to the dog park. i'm so excited to see my friends. i hope spike or thunder are there already. they're the most fun to chase and tumble with. my human is pretty strict with me. i'm only allowed on the grass and not on the sidewalks. i think she's afraid i'm going to jump on the other humans. i don't understand why everyone else gets to jump on the benches and run wild on the sidewalks. they don't listen to their humans. i know i could ignore mine but if i do she may zap me and it's just not worth it. she probably wouldn't let me back at the dog park if i didn't listen to her. i just love the dog park.
here's the thing. she doesn't have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway. that's just her character. she knows she doesn't have to, but she still will just to show you that she can. doubt her more and she'll prove she can again. we all already know this and you will too.
it seemed like it should have been so simple. there was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. it was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case. the deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.
they needed to find a place to eat. the kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they didn't find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown. even knowing this, the solution wasn't easy. everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others. it seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown. yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly.
he had done everything right. there had been no mistakes throughout the entire process. it had been perfection and he knew it without a doubt, but the results still stared back at him with the fact that he had lost.
bryan had made peace with himself and felt comfortable with the choices he made. this had made all the difference in the world. being alone no longer bothered him and this was essential since there was a good chance he might spend the rest of his life alone in a cell.
she was infatuated with color. she didn't have a favorite color per se, but she did have a fondness for teals and sea greens. you could see it in the clothes she wore that color was an important part of her overall style. she took great pride that color flowed from her and that color was always all around her. that is why, she explained to her date sitting across the table, that she could never have a serious relationship with him due to the fact that he was colorblind.
there was only half a worm in the apple. at first, judy didn't quite comprehend what this meant. "why would only half a worm be living in an apple?" she wondered. and then it dawned on her. judy quickly spit out the bite she had just taken expecting to see the other half of the worm. it ended up being much worse than that.
his parents continued to question him. he didn't know what to say to them since they refused to believe the truth. he explained again and again, and they dismissed his explanation as a figment of his imagination. there was no way that grandpa, who had been dead for five years, could have told him where the treasure had been hidden. of course, it didn't help that grandpa was roaring with laughter in the chair next to him as he tried to explain once again how he'd found it.
he sat across from her trying to imagine it was the first time. it wasn't. had it been a hundred? it quite possibly could have been. two hundred? probably not. his mind wandered until he caught himself and again tried to imagine it was the first time.
the computer wouldn't start. she banged on the side and tried again. nothing. she lifted it up and dropped it to the table. still nothing. she banged her closed fist against the top. it was at this moment she saw the irony of trying to fix the machine with violence.
this is important to remember. love isn't like pie. you don't need to divide it among all your friends and loved ones. no matter how much love you give, you can always give more. it doesn't run out, so don't try to hold back giving it as if it may one day run out. give it freely and as much as you want.
the light blinded him. it was dark and he thought he was the only one in the area, but the light shining in his eyes proved him wrong. it came from about KJJ feet away and was shining so directly into his eyes he couldn't make out anything about the person holding the light. there was only one thing to do in this situation. he reached into his pocket and pulled out a flashlight of his own that was much stronger than the one currently blinding him. he turned it on and pointed it into the stranger's eyes.
he lifted the bottle to his lips and took a sip of the drink. he had tasted this before, but he couldn't quite remember the time and place it had happened. he desperately searched his mind trying to locate and remember where he had tasted this when the bicycle ran over his foot.
they rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need. there was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind. everything was thrown into the car and they sped off. thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all.
the bush began to shake. brad couldn't see what was causing it to shake, but he didn't care. he had a pretty good idea about what was going on and what was happening. he was so confident that he approached the bush carefree and with a smile on his face. that all changed the instant he realized what was actually behind the bush.
the kids were loud. they were way too loud for jerry, especially since this was a four-hour flight. the parents didn't seem to be able, or simply didn't want, to control them. they were yelling and fighting among themselves and it was impossible for any of the passengers to concentrate or rest. he thought about politely tapping on the parents' shoulders and asking them to try and get their kids under a bit more control, but before he did he came up with a better idea. sure, it was a bit sinister, and he'd probably end p in a lot of trouble, but he really didn't care at that point.
his mother had always taught him not to ever think of himself as better than others. he'd tried to live by this motto. he never looked down on those who were less fortunate or who had less money than him. but the stupidity of the group of people he was talking to made him change his mind.
he heard the crack echo in the late afternoon about a mile away. his heart started racing and he bolted into a full sprint. "it wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeated under his breathlessness as he continued to sprint.
life isn't always beautiful. that was a lesson that dan was learning. he also realized that life wasn't easy. this had come as a shock since he had lived a charmed life. he hated that this was the truth and he struggled to be happy knowing that his assumptions weren't correct. he wouldn't realize until much later in life that the difficult obstacles he was facing that were taking away the beauty in his life at this moment would ultimately make his life much more beautiful. all he knew was that at this moment was that life isn't always beautiful.
he picked up the burnt end of the branch and made a mark on the stone. day OL if the marks on the stone were accurate. he couldn't be sure. day and nights had begun to blend together creating confusion, but he knew it was a long time. much too long.
"so, what do you think?" he asked nervously. he wanted to know the answer, but at the same time, he didn't. he'd put his heart and soul into the project and he wasn't sure he'd be able to recover if they didn't like what he produced. the silence from the others in the room seemed to last a lifetime even though it had only been a moment since he asked the question. "so, what do you think?" he asked again.
josh had spent year and year accumulating the information. he knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone looking for an expert in the field, josh would be the one to call. the problem was that there was nobody interested in the information besides him and he knew it. years of information painstakingly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving even an ounce of interest in the topic.
"what is the best way to get what you want?" she asked. he looked down at the ground knowing that she wouldn't like his answer. he hesitated, knowing that the truth would only hurt. how was he going to tell her that the best way for him to get what he wanted was to leave her?
she tried to explain that love wasn't like pie. there wasn't a set number of slices to be given out. there wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another. that after a set amount was given out it would all disappear. she tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears.
the picket fence had stood for years without any issue. that's all it was. a simple, white, picket fence. why it had all of a sudden become a lightning rod within the community was still unbelievable to most. yet a community that had once lived in harmony was now divided in bitter hatred and it had everything to do with the white picket fence.
do you think you're living an ordinary life? you are so mistaken it's difficult to even explain. the mere fact that you exist makes you extraordinary. the odds of you existing are less than winning the lottery, but here you are. are you going to let this extraordinary opportunity pass?
the young man wanted a role model. he looked long and hard in his youth, but that role model never materialized. his only choice was to embrace all the people in his life he didn't want to be like.
there was only one way to do things in the statton house. that one way was to do exactly what the father, charlie, demanded. he made the decisions and everyone else followed without question. that was until today.
twenty seconds were all that was left and richard could hear each one tick by. fifteen seconds now remained and the panic began to fully set in. ten seconds and he wasn't sure he had enough time. five seconds, four, three, two, one...
the wave crashed and hit the sandcastle head-on. the sandcastle began to melt under the waves force and as the wave receded, half the sandcastle was gone. the next wave hit, not quite as strong, but still managed to cover the remains of the sandcastle and take more of it away. the third wave, a big one, crashed over the sandcastle completely covering and engulfing it. when it receded, there was no trace the sandcastle ever existed and hours of hard work disappeared forever.
it was easy to spot her. all you needed to do was look at her socks. they were never a matching pair. one would be green while the other would be blue. one would reach her knee while the other barely touched her ankle. every other part of her was perfect, but never the socks. they were her micro act of rebellion.
debbie had taken george for granted for more than fifteen years now. he wasn't sure what exactly had made him choose this time and place to address the issue, but he decided that now was the time. he looked straight into her eyes and just as she was about to speak, turned away and walked out the door.
one dollar and eighty-seven cents. that was all. and sixty cents of it was in pennies. pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one's cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied. one dollar and eighty-seven cents. and the next day would be christmas...
the piano sat silently in the corner of the room. nobody could remember the last time it had been played. the little girl walked up to it and hit a few of the keys. the sound of the piano rang throughout the house for the first time in years. in the upstairs room, confined to her bed, the owner of the house had tears in her eyes.
was it enough? that was the question he kept asking himself. was being satisfied enough? he looked around him at everyone yearning to just be satisfied in their daily life and he had reached that goal. he knew that he was satisfied and he also knew it wasn't going to be enough.
the fog was as thick as pea soup. this was a problem. gary was driving but couldn't see a thing in front of him. he knew he should stop, but the road was narrow so if he did, it would be right in the center of the road. he was sure that another car would end up rear-ending him, so he continued forward despite the lack of visibility. this was an unwise move.
the alarm went off at exactly P:JJ am as it had every morning for the past five years. barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by ::JJ am. the day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change. in fact, it was going to change at exactly ::LM am.
there was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe. all one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty. yet bob didn't see another option. he may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have. a choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly.
then came the night of the first falling star. it was seen early in the morning, rushing over winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star. it seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him.
she needed glasses. it wasn't that she couldn't see without them, but what she could see with them. when she wore glasses, her eyes focused so deeply that she could see not only the physical but also beyond. it was like a superpower. but she needed glasses.
rhonda prided herself on always taking the path less traveled. she'd decided to do this at an early age and had continued to do so throughout her entire life. it was a point of pride and she would explain to anyone who would listen that doing so was something that she'd made great efforts to always do. she'd never questioned this decision until her five-year-old niece asked her, "so, is this why your life has been so difficult?" and rhonda didn't have an answer for her.
the red line moved across the page. with each millimeter it advanced forward, something changed in the room. the actual change taking place was difficult to perceive, but the change was real. the red line continued relentlessly across the page and the room would never be the same.
he took a sip of the drink. he wasn't sure whether he liked it or not, but at this moment it didn't matter. she had made it especially for him so he would have forced it down even if he had absolutely hated it. that's simply the way things worked. she made him a new-fangled drink each day and he took a sip of it and smiled, saying it was excellent.
the rain and wind abruptly stopped, but the sky still had the gray swirls of storms in the distance. dave knew this feeling all too well. the calm before the storm. he only had a limited amount of time before all hell broke loose, but he stopped to admire the calmness. maybe it would be different this time, he thought, with the knowledge deep within that it wouldn't.
turning away from the ledge, he started slowly down the mountain, deciding that he would, that very night, satisfy his curiosity about the man-house. in the meantime, he would go down into the canyon and get a cool drink, after which he would visit some berry patches just over the ridge, and explore among the foothills a bit before his nap-time, which always came just after the sun had walked past the middle of the sky. at that period of the day the sun's warm rays seemed to cast a sleepy spell over the silent mountainside, so all of the animals, with one accord, had decided it should be the hour for their mid-day sleep.
it really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve. that's what he kept trying to convince himself. she was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome. he already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make. the question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve.
there was a time in his life when her rudeness would have set him over the edge. he would have raised his voice and demanded to speak to the manager. that was no longer the case. he barely reacted at all, letting the rudeness melt away without saying a word back to her. he had been around long enough to know where rudeness came from and how unhappy the person must be to act in that way. all he could do was feel pity and be happy that he didn't feel the way she did to lash out like that.
her hand was balled into a fist with her keys protruding out from between her fingers. this was the weapon her father had shown her how to make when she walked alone to her car after work. she wished that she had something a little more potent than keys between her fingers. it would have been nice to have some mace or pepper spray. he had been meaning to buy some but had never gotten around to it. as the mother bear took another step forward with her cubs in tow, she knew her fist with keys wasn't going to be an adequate defense for this situation. out of another, i get a lovely view of the bay and a little private wharf belonging to the estate. there is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house. i always fancy i see people walking in these numerous paths and arbors, but john has cautioned me not to give way to fancy in the least. he says that with my imaginative power and habit of story-making a nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all manner of excited fancies and that i ought to use my will and good sense to check the tendency. so i try.
the fog was as thick as pea soup. this was a problem. gary was driving but couldn't see a thing in front of him. he knew he should stop, but the road was narrow so if he did, it would be right in the center of the road. he was sure that another car would end up rear-ending him, so he continued forward despite the lack of visibility. this was an unwise move.
patrick didn't want to go. the fact that she was insisting they must go made him want to go even less. he had no desire to make small talk with strangers he would never again see just to be polite. but she insisted that patrick go, and she would soon find out that this would be the biggest mistake she could make in their relationship.
ten more steps. if he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move. he tried to will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain. ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it.
according to the caption on the bronze marker placed by the multnomah chapter of the daughters of the american revolution on may KL, KSMS, "college hall Bis, the oldest building in continuous use for educational purposes west of the rocky mountains. here were educated men and women who have won recognition throughout the world in all the learned professions."
there were only two ways to get out of this mess if they all worked together. the problem was that neither was all that appealing. one would likely cause everyone a huge amount of physical pain while the other would likely end up with everyone in jail. in sam's mind, there was only one thing to do. he threw everyone else under the bus and he secretly sprinted away leaving the others to take the fall without him.
it had been a late night. to be more correct, it had been an early morning. it was now M:JJ am and george was just getting home. he wasn't sure if it had been worth it. he was supposed to have been finished by KJ:JJ pm, but his boss had implored him to stay and help when it was clear they weren't going to meet the KJ:JJ pm target time. so, he had stayed an extra O hours and lost a good night's sleep for something he didn't really believe in, but he did anyway because he was afraid if he refused he might lose his job.
i'm meant to be writing at this moment. what i mean is, i'm meant to be writing something else at this moment. the document i'm meant to be writing is, of course, open in another program on my computer and is patiently awaiting my attention. yet here i am plonking down senseless sentiments in this paragraph because it's easier to do than to work on anything particularly meaningful. i am grateful for the distraction.
i've rented a car in las vegas and have reserved a hotel in twentynine palms which is just north of joshua tree. we'll drive from las vegas through mojave national preserve and possibly do a short hike on our way down. then spend all day on monday at joshua tree. we can decide the next morning if we want to do more in joshua tree or mojave before we head back.
bryan had made peace with himself and felt comfortable with the choices he made. this had made all the difference in the world. being alone no longer bothered him and this was essential since there was a good chance he might spend the rest of his life alone in a cell.
he ordered his regular breakfast. two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two strips of bacon. he continued to look at the menu wondering if this would be the day he added something new. this was also part of the routine. a few seconds of hesitation to see if something else would be added to the order before demuring and saying that would be all. it was the same exact meal that he had ordered every day for the past two years.
there was a time in his life when her rudeness would have set him over the edge. he would have raised his voice and demanded to speak to the manager. that was no longer the case. he barely reacted at all, letting the rudeness melt away without saying a word back to her. he had been around long enough to know where rudeness came from and how unhappy the person must be to act in that way. all he could do was feel pity and be happy that he didn't feel the way she did to lash out like that.
he knew what he was supposed to do. that had been apparent from the beginning. that was what made the choice so difficult. what he was supposed to do and what he would do were not the same. this would have been fine if he were willing to face the inevitable consequences, but he wasn't.
"ingredients for life," said the backside of the truck. they mean food, but really food is only K ingredient of life. life has so many more ingredients such as pain, happiness, laughter, joy, tears, and smiles. life also has hard work, easy play, sleepless nights, and sunbathing by the ocean. love, hatred, envy, self-assurance, and fear could be just down aisle M ready to be bought when needed. how i wish i could pull ingredients like these off shelves in a store.
life isn't always beautiful. that was a lesson that dan was learning. he also realized that life wasn't easy. this had come as a shock since he had lived a charmed life. he hated that this was the truth and he struggled to be happy knowing that his assumptions weren't correct. he wouldn't realize until much later in life that the difficult obstacles he was facing that were taking away the beauty in his life at this moment would ultimately make his life much more beautiful. all he knew was that at this moment was that life isn't always beautiful.
the drug seekers would come into the emergency room and scream about how much pain they were in. when you told them that you would start elevating their pain with tylenol or advil instead of a narcotic they became nasty and combative. they would start telling you what drug and dose they had to have to make their pain tolerable. after dealing with the same drug seekers several times a month it gets old. some of the doctors would give in and give them a dose of morphine and send them away. sure that was faster, but ethically she still couldn't do it. perhaps that's why she had longer care times than the other doctors.
what were the chances? it would have to be a lot more than KJJ to K. it was likely even more than K,JJJ to K. the more he thought about it, the odds of it happening had to be more than KJ,JJJ to K and even KJJ,JJJ to K. people often threw around the chances of something happening as being K,JJJ,JJJ to K as an exaggeration of an unlikely event, but he could see that they may actually be accurate in this situation. whatever the odds of it happening, he knew they were big. what he didn't know was whether this happening was lucky or unlucky.
the piano sat silently in the corner of the room. nobody could remember the last time it had been played. the little girl walked up to it and hit a few of the keys. the sound of the piano rang throughout the house for the first time in years. in the upstairs room, confined to her bed, the owner of the house had tears in her eyes.
sometimes there isn't a good answer. no matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense. and instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. why?
it was that terrifying feeling you have as you tightly hold the covers over you with the knowledge that there is something hiding under your bed. you want to look, but you don't at the same time. you're frozen with fear and unable to act. that's where she found herself and she didn't know what to do next
it was difficult for him to admit he was wrong. he had been so certain that he was correct and the deeply held belief could never be shaken. yet the proof that he had been incorrect stood right before his eyes. "see daddy, i told you that they are real;" his daughter excitedly proclaimed.
the bridge spanning a KJJ-foot gully stood in front of him as the last obstacle blocking him from reaching his destination. while people may have called it a "bridge", the reality was it was nothing more than splintered wooden planks held together by rotting ropes. it was questionable whether it would hold the weight of a child, let alone the weight of a grown man. the problem was there was no other way across the gully, and this played into his calculations of whether or not it was worth the risk of trying to cross it.
dragons don't exist they said. they are the stuff of legend and people's imagination. greg would have agreed with this assessment without a second thought LN hours ago. but now that there was a dragon staring directly into his eyes, he questioned everything that he had been told.
at that moment, she realized that she had created her current life. it wasn't the life she wanted, but she took responsibility for how it currently stood. something clicked and she saw that every choice she made to this point in her life had led to where her life stood at this very moment even if she knew this wasn't where she wanted to be. she determined to choose to change it.
it was a question of which of the two she preferred. on the one hand, the choice seemed simple. the more expensive one with a brand name would be the choice of most. it was the easy choice. the safe choice. but she wasn't sure she actually preferred it.
it probably seemed trivial to most people, but it mattered to tracey. she wasn't sure why it mattered so much to her, but she understood deep within her being that it mattered to her. so for the MPOth day in a row, tracey sat down to eat pancakes for breakfast.
it was a rat's nest. not a literal one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemble every morning when she got up. it was going to take at least an hour to get it under control and she was sick and tired of it. she peered into the mirror and wondered if it was worth it. it wasn't. she opened the drawer and picked up the hair clippers.
the trail to the left had a "danger; do not pass" sign telling people to take the trail to the right. this wasn't the way zeke approached his hiking. rather than a warning, zeke read the sign as an invitation to explore an area that would be adventurous and exciting. as the others in the group all shited to the right, zeke slipped past the danger sign to begin an adventure he would later regret.
the coin hovered in the air, spinning over and over again. it reached its peak and began to descend. both boys were pleading with it to land a certain way but the coin had already made up its mind on what it was going to do.
the wolves stopped in their tracks, sizing up the mother and her cubs. it had been over a week since their last meal and they were getting desperate. the cubs would make a good meal, but there were high risks taking on the mother grizzly. a decision had to be made and the wrong choice could signal the end of the pack.
the red line moved across the page. with each millimeter it advanced forward, something changed in the room. the actual change taking place was difficult to perceive, but the change was real. the red line continued relentlessly across the page and the room would never be the same.
why do americans have so many different types of towels? we have beach towels, hand towels, bath towels, dish towels, camping towels, quick-dry towels, and let's not forget paper towels. would K type of towel work for each of these things? let's take a beach towel. it can be used to dry your hands and body with no difficulty. a beach towel could be used to dry dishes. just think how many dishes you could dry with one beach towel. i've used a beach towel with no adverse effects while camping. if you buy a thin beach towel it can dry quickly too. i'd probably cut up a beach towel to wipe down counters or for cleaning other items, but a full beach towel could be used too. is having so many types of towels an extravagant luxury that americans enjoy or is it necessary? i'd say it's overkill and we could cut down on the many types of towels that manufacturers deem necessary.
it's not his fault. i know you're going to want to, but you can't blame him. he really has no idea how it happened. i kept trying to come up with excuses i could say to mom that would keep her calm when she found out what happened, but the more i tried, the more i could see none of them would work. he was going to get her wrath and there was nothing i could say to prevent it.
the wave roared towards them with speed and violence they had not anticipated. they both turned to run but by that time it was too late. the wave crashed into their legs sweeping both of them off of their feet. they now found themselves in a washing machine of saltwater, getting tumbled and not know what was up or down. both were scared, not knowing how this was going to end, but it was by far the best time of the trip thus far.
i haven't bailed on writing. look, i'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track. i am making an effort. i will start writing consistently again;
sleep deprivation causes all sorts of challenges and problems. when one doesn't get enough sleep one's mind doesn't work clearly. studies have shown that after staying awake for LN hours one's ability to do simple math is greatly impaired. driving tired has been shown to be as bad as driving drunk. moods change, depression, anxiety, and mania can be induced by lack of sleep. as much as people try to do without enough sleep it is a wonder more crazy things don't happen in this world.
the paper was blank. it shouldn't have been. there should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more. the fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating. actually, it was even more than frustrating. it was downright distressing.
they had always called it the green river. it made sense. the river was green. the river likely had a different official name, but to everyone in town, it was and had always been the green river. so it was with great surprise that on this day the green river was a fluorescent pink.
dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament. he ran through all the events that had lead to this current situation and it still didn't make sense. he wanted to spend some time to try and make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment. the first was how to get out of his current situation of being naked in a tree with snow falling all around and no way for him to get down.
you can decide what you want to do in life, but i suggest doing something that creates. something that leaves a tangible thing once you're done. that way even after you're gone, you will still live on in the things you created.
he looked at the sand. picking up a handful, he wondered how many grains were in his hand. hundreds of thousands? "not enough," the said under his breath. i need more.
she was aware that things could go wrong. in fact, she had trained her entire life in anticipation that things would go wrong one day. she had quiet confidence as she started to see that this was the day that all her training would be worthwhile and useful. at this point, she had no idea just how wrong everything would go that day.
the rain was coming. everyone thought this would be a good thing. it hadn't rained in months and the earth was dry as a bone. it wasn't a surprise that everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, but they never expected how much rain would actually arrive.
i recollect that my first exploit in squirrel-shooting was in a grove of tall walnut-trees that shades one side of the valley. i had wandered into it at noontime, when all nature is peculiarly quiet, and was startled by the roar of my own gun, as it broke the sabbath stillness around and was prolonged and reverberated by the angry echoes.
it wasn't supposed to end that way. the plan had been meticulously thought out and practiced again and again. there was only one possible result once it had been implemented, but as they stood there the result wasn't anything close to what it should have been. they all blankly looked at each wondering how this could have happened. in their minds, they all began to blame the other members of the group as to why they had failed.
it was cloudy outside but not really raining. there was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella. this hadn't stopped sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it. it had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day. sarah used the umbrella to hide.
her mom had warned her. she had been warned time and again, but she had refused to believe her. she had done everything right and she knew she would be rewarded for doing so with the promotion. so when the promotion was given to her main rival, it not only stung, it threw her belief system into disarray. it was her first big lesson in life, but not the last.
it was supposed to be a dream vacation. they had planned it over a year in advance so that it would be perfect in every way. it had been what they had been looking forward to through all the turmoil and negativity around them. it had been the light at the end of both their tunnels. now that the dream vacation was only a week away, the virus had stopped all air travel.
there was little doubt that the bridge was unsafe. all one had to do was look at it to know that with certainty. yet bob didn't see another option. he may have been able to work one out if he had a bit of time to think things through, but time was something he didn't have. a choice needed to be made, and it needed to be made quickly.
i inadvertently went to see's candy last week Bi was in the mall looking for phone repair,, and as it turns out, see's candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- for even the simplest of their wee confection offerings. i bought two chocolate lollipops and two chocolate-caramel-almond things. the total cost was four-something. i mean, the candies were tasty and all, but let's be real: a snickers bar is fifty cents. after this dollar-per-candy revelation, i may not find myself wandering dreamily back into a see's candy any time soon. there was a leak in the boat. nobody had yet noticed it, and nobody would for the next couple of hours. this was a problem since the boat was heading out to sea and while the leak was quite small at the moment, it would be much larger when it was ultimately discovered. john had planned it exactly this way.
he sat staring at the person in the train stopped at the station going in the opposite direction. she sat staring ahead, never noticing that she was being watched. both trains began to move and he knew that in another timeline or in another universe, they had been happy together.
finding the truth wouldn't be easy, that's for sure. then there was the question of whether or not jane really wanted to know the truth. that's the thing that bothered her most. it wasn't the difficulty of actually finding out what happened that was the obstacle, but having to live with that information once it was found.
what were the chances? it would have to be a lot more than KJJ to K. it was likely even more than K,JJJ to K. the more he thought about it, the odds of it happening had to be more than KJ,JJJ to K and even KJJ,JJJ to K. people often threw around the chances of something happening as being K,JJJ,JJJ to K as an exaggeration of an unlikely event, but he could see that they may actually be accurate in this situation. whatever the odds of it happening, he knew they were big. what he didn't know was whether this happening was lucky or unlucky.
he was aware there were numerous wonders of this world including the unexplained creations of humankind that showed the wonder of our ingenuity. there are huge heads on easter island. there are the egyptian pyramids. there's stonehenge. but he now stood in front of a newly discovered monument that simply didn't make any sense and he wondered how he was ever going to be able to explain it.
the blinking light caught her attention. she thought about it a bit and couldn't remember ever noticing it before. that was strange since it was obvious the flashing light had been there for years. now she wondered how she missed it for that amount of time and what other things in her small town she had failed to notice.
stranded. yes, she was now the first person ever to land on venus, but that was of little consequence. her name would be read by millions in school as the first to land here, but that celebrity would never actually be seen by her. she looked at the control panel and knew there was nothing that would ever get it back into working order. she was the first and it was not clear this would also be her last.
they needed to find a place to eat. the kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they didn't find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown. even knowing this, the solution wasn't easy. everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others. it seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown. yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly.
the choice was red, green, or blue. it didn't seem like an important choice when he was making it, but it was a choice nonetheless. had he known the consequences at that time, he would likely have considered the choice a bit longer. in the end, he didn't and ended up choosing blue.
he heard the loud impact before he ever saw the result. it had been so loud that it had actually made him jump back in his seat. as soon as he recovered from the surprise, he saw the crack in the windshield. it seemed to be an analogy of the current condition of his life.
the leather jacked showed the scars of being his favorite for years. it wore those scars with pride, feeling that they enhanced his presence rather than diminishing it. the scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed to the point that it had become ratty. the jacket was in its prime and it knew it.
after hunting for several hours, we finally saw a large seal sunning itself on a flat rock. i took one of the wooden clubs while larry took the longer one. we slowly snuck up behind the seal until we were close enough to club it over its head. the seal slumped over and died. this seal would help us survive. we could eat the meat and fat. the fat could be burned in a shell for light and the fur could be used to make a blanket. we declared our first day of hunting a great success.
he looked at the sand. picking up a handful, he wondered how many grains were in his hand. hundreds of thousands? "not enough," the said under his breath. i need more.
it wasn't supposed to end that way. the plan had been meticulously thought out and practiced again and again. there was only one possible result once it had been implemented, but as they stood there the result wasn't anything close to what it should have been. they all blankly looked at each wondering how this could have happened. in their minds, they all began to blame the other members of the group as to why they had failed.
they say you only come to peace with yourself when you know yourself better than those around you. derick knew nothing about this. he thought he had found peace but this was an illusion as he was about to find out with an unexpected occurrence that he actually knew nothing about himself.
they had made it to las vegas, wide-eyed and with so much hope and energy. they had planned the trip for more than a year and both were so excited they could barely control themselves. they still hadn't realized that las vegas promised a place where dreams come true, it was actually the place where dreams came to die.
it's an unfortunate reality that we don't teach people how to make money Bbeyond getting a S to O job, as part of our education system. the truth is there are a lot of different, legitimate ways to make money. that doesn't mean they are easy and that you won't have to work hard to succeed, but it does mean that if you're willing to open your mind a bit you don't have to be stuck in an office from S to O for the next fifty years o your life.
betty decided to write a short story and she was sure it was going to be amazing. she had already written it in her head and each time she thought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowing how wonderful it would be. she could imagine the accolades coming in and the praise she would receive for creating such a wonderful piece. she was therefore extremely frustrated when she actually sat down to write the short story and the story that was so beautiful inside her head refused to come out that way on paper.
he heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears. although it was soft and calming, he was wary. it seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on. he wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap.
she sat in the darkened room waiting. it was now a standoff. he had the power to put her in the room, but not the power to make her repent. it wasn't fair and no matter how long she had to endure the darkness, she wouldn't change her attitude. at three years old, sandy's stubborn personality had already bloomed into full view.
it really doesn't matter what she thinks as it isn't her problem to solve. that's what he kept trying to convince himself. she was trying to insert her opinion where it wasn't wanted or welcome. he already had a plan and even though that plan didn't correspond with what she wanted him to do or what should be done, it wasn't her decision to make. the question now became whether he would stick to his convictions and go through with his plan knowing she wouldn't approve.
josh had spent year and year accumulating the information. he knew it inside out and if there was ever anyone looking for an expert in the field, josh would be the one to call. the problem was that there was nobody interested in the information besides him and he knew it. years of information painstakingly memorized and sorted with not a sole giving even an ounce of interest in the topic.
it went through such rapid contortions that the little bear was forced to change his hold on it so many times he became confused in the darkness, and could not, for the life of him, tell whether he held the sheep right side up, or upside down. but that point was decided for him a moment later by the animal itself, who, with a sudden twist, jabbed its horns so hard into his lowest ribs that he gave a grunt of anger and disgust.
i'm heading back to colorado tomorrow after being down in santa barbara over the weekend for the festival there. i will be making october plans once there and will try to arrange so i'm back here for the birthday if possible. i'll let you know as soon as i know the doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans.
what have you noticed today? i noticed that if you outline the eyes, nose, and mouth on your face with your finger, you make an "i" which makes perfect sense, but is something i never noticed before. what have you noticed today?
nobody really understood kevin. it wasn't that he was super strange or difficult. it was more that there wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him. this was a shame as kevin had many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had. it was even more of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if kevin offered to give them the answers. so, kevin remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself.
sitting in the sun, away from everyone who had done him harm in the past, he quietly listened to those who roamed by. he felt at peace in the moment, hoping it would last, but knowing the reprieve would soon come to an end. he closed his eyes, the sun beating down on face and he smiled. he smiled for the first time in as long as he could remember.
it seemed like it should have been so simple. there was nothing inherently difficult with getting the project done. it was simple and straightforward enough that even a child should have been able to complete it on time, but that wasn't the case. the deadline had arrived and the project remained unfinished.
where do they get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate button. do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? at that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same.
it was hidden under the log beside the stream. it had been there for as long as jerry had been alive. he wasn't sure if anyone besides him and his friends knew of its existence. he knew that anyone could potentially find it, but it was well enough hidden that it seemed unlikely to happen. the fact that it had been there for more than MJ years attested to this. so it was quite a surprise when he found the item was missing.
i checked in for the night at out o the way motel. what a bad choice that was. first i took a shower and a spider crawled out of the drain. next, the towel rack fell down when i reached for the one small bath towel. this allowed the towel to fall halfway into the toilet. i tried to watch a movie, but the remote control was sticky and wouldn't stop scrolling through the channels. i gave up for the night and crawled into bed. i stretched out my leg and felt something furry by my foot. filled with fear, i reached down and to my surprise, i pulled out a raccoon skin pair of underwear. after my initial relief that it wasn't alive, the image of a fat, ugly businessman wearing raccoon skin briefs filled my brain. i jumped out of the bed, threw my toothbrush into my bag, and sprinted towards my car.
you know that tingly feeling you get on the back of your neck sometimes? i just got that feeling when talking with her. you know i don't believe in sixth senses, but there is something not right with her. i don't know how i know, but i just do.
she tried to explain that love wasn't like pie. there wasn't a set number of slices to be given out. there wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another. that after a set amount was given out it would all disappear. she tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears.
why do americans have so many different types of towels? we have beach towels, hand towels, bath towels, dish towels, camping towels, quick-dry towels, and let's not forget paper towels. would K type of towel work for each of these things? let's take a beach towel. it can be used to dry your hands and body with no difficulty. a beach towel could be used to dry dishes. just think how many dishes you could dry with one beach towel. i've used a beach towel with no adverse effects while camping. if you buy a thin beach towel it can dry quickly too. i'd probably cut up a beach towel to wipe down counters or for cleaning other items, but a full beach towel could be used too. is having so many types of towels an extravagant luxury that americans enjoy or is it necessary? i'd say it's overkill and we could cut down on the many types of towels that manufacturers deem necessary.
it was supposed to be a dream vacation. they had planned it over a year in advance so that it would be perfect in every way. it had been what they had been looking forward to through all the turmoil and negativity around them. it had been the light at the end of both their tunnels. now that the dream vacation was only a week away, the virus had stopped all air travel.
barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes. it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes. david had promised that he would be on time today. he never was, but he had promised this one time. she had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise. now she was paying the price.
the boxed moved. that was a problem. peter had packed the box three hours before and there was nothing inside that should make it move. the question now was whether or not peter was going to open it up and look inside to see why it had moved. the answer to that question was obvious. peter dropped the package into the mailbox so he would never have to see it again.
the alarm went off and jake rose awake. rising early had become a daily ritual, one that he could not fully explain. from the outside, it was a wonder that he was able to get up so early each morning for someone who had absolutely no plans to be productive during the entire day.
it was a simple green chair. there was nothing extraordinary about it or so it seemed. it was the type of chair one would pass without even noticing it was there, let alone what the actual color of it was. it was due to this common and unassuming appearance that few people actually stopped to sit in it and discover its magical powers.
there were a variety of ways to win the game. james had played it long enough to know most of them and he could see what his opponent was trying to do. there was a simple counterattack that james could use and the game should be his. he began deploying it with the confidence of a veteran player who had been in this situation a thousand times in the past. so, it was with great surprise when his opponent used a move he had never before seen or anticipated to easily defeat him in the game.
one foot in front of the other, one more step, and then one more. jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest. he's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step. then another. and then one more.
the headache wouldn't go away. she's taken medicine but even that didn't help. the monstrous throbbing in her head continued. she had this happen to her only once before in her life and she realized that only one thing could be happening.
then came the night of the first falling star. it was seen early in the morning, rushing over winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star. it seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him.
it was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind. he'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped. there was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last.
what were they eating? it didn't taste like anything she had ever eaten before and although she was famished, she didn't dare ask. she knew the answer would be one she didn't want to hear.
"it was so great to hear from you today and it was such weird timing," he said. "this is going to sound funny and a little strange, but you were in a dream i had just a couple of days ago. i'd love to get together and tell you about it if you're up for a cup of coffee," he continued, laying the trap he'd been planning for years.
i'm meant to be writing at this moment. what i mean is, i'm meant to be writing something else at this moment. the document i'm meant to be writing is, of course, open in another program on my computer and is patiently awaiting my attention. yet here i am plonking down senseless sentiments in this paragraph because it's easier to do than to work on anything particularly meaningful. i am grateful for the distraction.
there were only two ways to get out of this mess if they all worked together. the problem was that neither was all that appealing. one would likely cause everyone a huge amount of physical pain while the other would likely end up with everyone in jail. in sam's mind, there was only one thing to do. he threw everyone else under the bus and he secretly sprinted away leaving the others to take the fall without him.
it wasn't quite yet time to panic. there was still time to salvage the situation. at least that is what she was telling himself. the reality was that it was time to panic and there wasn't time to salvage the situation, but he continued to delude himself into believing there was.
she was in a hurry. not the standard hurry when you're in a rush to get someplace, but a frantic hurry. the type of hurry where a few seconds could mean life or death. she raced down the road ignoring speed limits and weaving between cars. she was only a few minutes away when traffic came to a dead standstill on the road ahead. twenty-five years dana had been waiting. she tried to be patient during that time but she hadn't always managed to be as patient as she'd like. but today the opportunity had finally come. the thing she always imagined would make her the happiest person in the world was about to happen. she didn't know why at this specific time she all of a sudden felt sick inside.
they needed to find a place to eat. the kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they didn't find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown. even knowing this, the solution wasn't easy. everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others. it seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown. yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly.
it wasn't quite yet time to panic. there was still time to salvage the situation. at least that is what she was telling himself. the reality was that it was time to panic and there wasn't time to salvage the situation, but he continued to delude himself into believing there was.
where do they get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate button. do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? at that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same.
it had been her dream for years but dana had failed to take any action toward making it come true. there had always been a good excuse to delay or prioritize another project. as she woke, she realized she was once again at a crossroads. would it be another excuse or would she finally find the courage to pursue her dream? dana rose and took her first step.
he couldn't move. his head throbbed and spun. he couldn't decide if it was the flu or the drinking last night. it was probably a combination of both.
he wandered down the stairs and into the basement. the damp, musty smell of unuse hung in the air. a single, small window let in a glimmer of light, but this simply made the shadows in the basement deeper. he inhaled deeply and looked around at a mess that had been accumulating for over LO years. he was positive that this was the place he wanted to live.
the bridge spanning a KJJ-foot gully stood in front of him as the last obstacle blocking him from reaching his destination. while people may have called it a "bridge", the reality was it was nothing more than splintered wooden planks held together by rotting ropes. it was questionable whether it would hold the weight of a child, let alone the weight of a grown man. the problem was there was no other way across the gully, and this played into his calculations of whether or not it was worth the risk of trying to cross it.
i'm meant to be writing at this moment. what i mean is, i'm meant to be writing something else at this moment. the document i'm meant to be writing is, of course, open in another program on my computer and is patiently awaiting my attention. yet here i am plonking down senseless sentiments in this paragraph because it's easier to do than to work on anything particularly meaningful. i am grateful for the distraction.
balloons are pretty and come in different colors, different shapes, different sizes, and they can even adjust sizes as needed. but don't make them too big or they might just pop, and then bye-bye balloon. it'll be gone and lost for the rest of mankind. they can serve a variety of purposes, from decorating to water balloon wars. you just have to use your head to think a little bit about what to do with them.
he read about a hike called the incline in the guidebook. it said it was a strenuous hike and to bring plenty of water. "a beautiful hike to the clouds" described one review. "not for the faint-hearted," said another. "not too bad of a workout", bragged a third review. i thought i'd hike it when i fly in from maryland on my day off from the senior citizen's wellness conference. i hiked L miles a day around the neighborhood so i could handle a K.K-mile hike. what a foolish mistake that was for a :J-year-old low-lander.
sarah watched the whirlpool mesmerized. she couldn't take her eyes off the water swirling around and around. she stuck in small twigs and leaves to watch the whirlpool catch them and then suck them down. it bothered her more than a little bit that this could also be used as a metaphor for her life.
there was only one way to do things in the statton house. that one way was to do exactly what the father, charlie, demanded. he made the decisions and everyone else followed without question. that was until today.
what was beyond the bend in the stream was unknown. both were curious, but only one was brave enough to want to explore. that was the problem. there was always one that let fear rule her life.
spending time at national parks can be an exciting adventure, but this wasn't the type of excitement she was hoping to experience. as she contemplated the situation she found herself in, she knew she'd gotten herself in a little more than she bargained for. it wasn't often that she found herself in a tree staring down at a pack of wolves that were looking to make her their next meal.
a two-inch layer of freshly fallen snow covered the yard. stacey peeked outside. to most, it would have been a beautiful sight worthy of taking a photo to put on instagram. for stacey, it meant something different. the first snow of the year brought back the witches as the fairies in the yard had to seek shelter to avoid the cold.
greg understood that this situation would make michael terribly uncomfortable. michael simply had no idea what was about to come and even though greg could prevent it from happening, he opted to let it happen. it was quite ironic, really. it was something greg had said he would never wish upon anyone a million times, yet here he was knowingly letting it happen to one of his best friends. he rationalized that it would ultimately make michael a better person and that no matter how uncomfortable, everyone should experience racism at least once in their lifetime.
she's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore. the answers were always the same. well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense. a more accurate description was the answers never surprised her. so, she asked for the KJ,JJJth time, "what's your favorite animal?" but this time was different. when she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly.
he sat across from her trying to imagine it was the first time. it wasn't. had it been a hundred? it quite possibly could have been. two hundred? probably not. his mind wandered until he caught himself and again tried to imagine it was the first time.
she asked the question even though she didn't really want to hear the answer. it was a no-win situation since she already knew. if he told the truth, she'd get confirmation of her worst fears. if he lied, she'd know that he wasn't who she thought he was which would be almost as bad. yet she asked the question anyway and waited for his answer.
the leather jacked showed the scars of being his favorite for years. it wore those scars with pride, feeling that they enhanced his presence rather than diminishing it. the scars gave it character and had not overwhelmed to the point that it had become ratty. the jacket was in its prime and it knew it.
what were the chances? it would have to be a lot more than KJJ to K. it was likely even more than K,JJJ to K. the more he thought about it, the odds of it happening had to be more than KJ,JJJ to K and even KJJ,JJJ to K. people often threw around the chances of something happening as being K,JJJ,JJJ to K as an exaggeration of an unlikely event, but he could see that they may actually be accurate in this situation. whatever the odds of it happening, he knew they were big. what he didn't know was whether this happening was lucky or unlucky.
twenty-five stars were neatly placed on the piece of paper. there was room for five more stars but they would be difficult ones to earn. it had taken years to earn the first twenty-five, and they were considered the "easy" ones.
there was only half a worm in the apple. at first, judy didn't quite comprehend what this meant. "why would only half a worm be living in an apple?" she wondered. and then it dawned on her. judy quickly spit out the bite she had just taken expecting to see the other half of the worm. it ended up being much worse than that.
one foot in front of the other, one more step, and then one more. jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest. he's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step. then another. and then one more.
housework could be everyone's work, not just "women's work". why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own. my friend's husband claimed he didn't know that sheets should be washed more than once a season. he said he didn't know one had to clean toilets. he assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves. she tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook. wouldn't it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is "just bad at it". my sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets. hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided.
april seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices. she looked at her bed and what a mess it had become. how did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night?
one dollar and eighty-seven cents. that was all. and sixty cents of it was in pennies. pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one's cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied. one dollar and eighty-seven cents. and the next day would be christmas...
there was nothing else to do. the deed had already been done and there was no going back. it now had been become a question of how they were going to be able to get out of this situation and escape.
benny was tired. not the normal every day tired from a hard day o work. the exhausted type of tired where you're surprised your body can even move. all he wanted to do was sit in front of the tv, put his feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer. the only issue was that he had forgotten where he lived.
they rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need. there was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind. everything was thrown into the car and they sped off. thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all.
she reached her goal, exhausted. even more chilling to her was that the euphoria that she thought she'd feel upon reaching it wasn't there. something wasn't right. was this the only feeling she'd have for over five years of hard work?
he lifted the bottle to his lips and took a sip of the drink. he had tasted this before, but he couldn't quite remember the time and place it had happened. he desperately searched his mind trying to locate and remember where he had tasted this when the bicycle ran over his foot.
she sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places. she paused and considered all that had happened. it hadn't gone as expected. when the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day's events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day.
he stared out the window at the snowy field. he'd been stuck in the house for close to a month and his only view of the outside world was through the window. there wasn't much to see. it was mostly just the field with an occasional bird or small animal who ventured into the field. as he continued to stare out the window, he wondered how much longer he'd be shackled to the steel bar inside the house.
there were two things that were important to tracey. the first was her dog. anyone that had ever met tracey knew how much she loved her dog. most would say that she treated it as her child. the dog went everywhere with her and it had been her best friend for the past five years. the second thing that was important to tracey, however, would be a lot more surprising to most people.
although scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did. they had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something joe apologized for doing didn't really matter. scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as joe continued to apologize. scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same.
twenty-five hours had passed since the incident. it seemed to be a lot longer than that. that twenty-five hours seemed more like a week in her mind. the fact that she still was having trouble comprehending exactly what took place wasn't helping the matter. she thought if she could just get a little rest the entire incident might make a little more sense.
he heard the crack echo in the late afternoon about a mile away. his heart started racing and he bolted into a full sprint. "it wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeated under his breathlessness as he continued to sprint.
the water rush down the wash and into the slot canyon below. two hikers had started the day to sunny weather without a cloud in the sky, but they hadn't thought to check the weather north of the canyon. huge thunderstorms had brought a deluge o rain and produced flash floods heading their way. the two hikers had no idea what was coming.
he sat staring at the person in the train stopped at the station going in the opposite direction. she sat staring ahead, never noticing that she was being watched. both trains began to move and he knew that in another timeline or in another universe, they had been happy together.
marylou wore the tiara with pride. there was something that made doing anything she didn't really want to do a bit easier when she wore it. she really didn't care what those staring through the window were thinking as she vacuumed her apartment.
it had been a simple realization that had changed debra's life perspective. it was really so simple that she was embarrassed that she had lived the previous five years with the way she measured her worth. now that she saw what she had been doing, she could see how sad it was. that made her all the more relieved she had made the change. the number of hearts her instagram posts received wasn't any longer the indication of her own self-worth.
i've rented a car in las vegas and have reserved a hotel in twentynine palms which is just north of joshua tree. we'll drive from las vegas through mojave national preserve and possibly do a short hike on our way down. then spend all day on monday at joshua tree. we can decide the next morning if we want to do more in joshua tree or mojave before we head back.
trees. it was something about the trees. the way they swayed with the wind in unison. the way they shaded the area around them. the sounds of their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the branches as they sway, the trees were making a statement that i just couldn't understand.
it had been a rough day. things hadn't gone as planned and that meant hannah got yelled at by her boss. it didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault. when things went wrong at work, hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances. it wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had.
he slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice he has especially chiseled off a larger block. he didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive than how he actually liked it. it was all about image and he'd managed to perfect the image that he wanted to project.
he swung back the fishing pole and cast the line which ell LO feet away into the river. the lure landed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would soon get a bite. he never expected that the bite would come from behind in the form of a bear.
it was the first day of the rest of her life. this wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward. although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing. her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend. she threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life.
he couldn't remember exactly where he had read it, but he was sure that he had. the fact that she didn't believe him was quite frustrating as he began to search the internet to find the article. it wasn't as if it was something that seemed impossible. yet she insisted on always seeing the source whenever he stated a fact. the boy walked down the street in a carefree way, playing without notice of what was about him. he didn't hear the sound of the car as his ball careened into the road. he took a step toward it, and in doing so sealed his fate.
at that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider. "i could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." he tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent. it didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to.
where do they get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate button. do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? at that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same.
she sat deep in thought. the next word that came out o her mouth would likely be the most important word of her life. it had to be exact with no possibility of being misinterpreted. she was ready. she looked deeply into his eyes and said, "octopus."
there was something in the sky. what exactly was up there wasn't immediately clear. but there was definitely something in the sky and it was getting bigger and bigger.
twenty seconds were all that was left and richard could hear each one tick by. fifteen seconds now remained and the panic began to fully set in. ten seconds and he wasn't sure he had enough time. five seconds, four, three, two, one...
there are only three ways to make this work. the first is to let me take care of everything. the second is for you to take care of everything. the third is to split everything OJ I OJ. i think the last option is the most preferable, but i'm certain it'll also mean the end of our marriage.
welcome to my world. you will be greeted by the unexpected here and your mind will be challenged and expanded in ways that you never thought possible. that is if you are able to survive...
it was a scrape that he hardly noticed. sure, there was a bit of blood but it was minor compared to most of the other cuts and bruises he acquired on his adventures. there was no way he could know that the rock that produced the cut had alien genetic material on it that was now racing through his bloodstream. he felt perfectly normal and continued his adventure with no knowledge of what was about to happen to him.
i'm meant to be writing at this moment. what i mean is, i'm meant to be writing something else at this moment. the document i'm meant to be writing is, of course, open in another program on my computer and is patiently awaiting my attention. yet here i am plonking down senseless sentiments in this paragraph because it's easier to do than to work on anything particularly meaningful. i am grateful for the distraction.
there was a time and a place for stephanie to use her magic. the problem was that she had a difficult time determining this. she wished she could simply use it when the desire hit and there wouldn't be any unforeseen consequences. unfortunately, that's not how it worked and the consequences could be devastating if she accidentally used her magic at the wrong time.
sometimes there isn't a good answer. no matter how you try to rationalize the outcome, it doesn't make sense. and instead of an answer, you are simply left with a question. why?
stormi is a dog. she is dark grey and has long legs. her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking. her tongue is long, pink, and wet. her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies. she can be a good dog, but also very bad. her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad. stormi is a dog i love.
twenty-five hours had passed since the incident. it seemed to be a lot longer than that. that twenty-five hours seemed more like a week in her mind. the fact that she still was having trouble comprehending exactly what took place wasn't helping the matter. she thought if she could just get a little rest the entire incident might make a little more sense.
i haven't bailed on writing. look, i'm generating a random paragraph at this very moment in an attempt to get my writing back on track. i am making an effort. i will start writing consistently again;
there was a reason for her shyness. everyone assumed it had always been there but she knew better. she knew the exact moment that the shyness began. it had been that fateful moment at the lake. there are just some events that do that to you.
the light was out on the front porch of the house. this was strange. judy couldn't remember a time when she had ever seen it out. she hopped out of her car and walked to the door. it was slightly ajar and she knew this meant something terrible. she gently pushed the door open and hall her fears were realized. "surprise; happy birthday;" everyone shouted.
love isn't always a ray of sunshine. that's what the older girls kept telling her when she said she had found the perfect man. she had thought this was simply bitter talk on their part since they had been unable to find true love like hers. but now she had to face the fact that they may have been right. love may not always be a ray of sunshine. that is unless they were referring to how the sun can burn.
i love the feel of wood curls flying off the lathe as i begin to shape the log in front of me. the sound of scraping changes based on the wetness of the wood, the speed at which the lathe is turning, and the type of cut i am making. the smell and feel of wet wood being turned are unique. the water is sprayed out as i cut through the different layers of wood. a log can turn into anything one's imagination can think of with the right set of hands-on tools. i have those hands and imagination. i use all of my senses and intuition to create a beautiful object. that is why i enjoy turning wood.
patrick didn't want to go. the fact that she was insisting they must go made him want to go even less. he had no desire to make small talk with strangers he would never again see just to be polite. but she insisted that patrick go, and she would soon find out that this would be the biggest mistake she could make in their relationship.
she patiently waited for his number to be called. she had no desire to be there, but her mom had insisted that she go. she's resisted at first, but over time she realized it was simply easier to appease her and go. mom tended to be that way. she would keep insisting until you wore down and did what she wanted. so, here she sat, patiently waiting for her number to be called.
there was a leak in the boat. nobody had yet noticed it, and nobody would for the next couple of hours. this was a problem since the boat was heading out to sea and while the leak was quite small at the moment, it would be much larger when it was ultimately discovered. john had planned it exactly this way.
there was no ring on his finger. that was a good sign although far from proof that he was available. still, it was much better than if he had been wearing a wedding ring on his hand. she glanced at his hand a bit more intently to see if there were any tan lines where a ring may have been, and he's simply taken it off. she couldn't detect any which was also a good sign and a relief. the next step would be to get access to his wallet to see if there were any family photos in it.
it had been a rough day. things hadn't gone as planned and that meant hannah got yelled at by her boss. it didn't even matter that it wasn't her fault. when things went wrong at work, hannah got the blame no matter the actual circumstances. it wasn't fair, but there was little she could do without risking her job, and she wasn't in a position to do that with the plans she had.
it was hidden under the log beside the stream. it had been there for as long as jerry had been alive. he wasn't sure if anyone besides him and his friends knew of its existence. he knew that anyone could potentially find it, but it was well enough hidden that it seemed unlikely to happen. the fact that it had been there for more than MJ years attested to this. so it was quite a surprise when he found the item was missing.
her eyebrows were a shade darker than her hair. they were thick and almost horizontal, emphasizing the depth of her eyes. she was rather handsome than beautiful. her face was captivating by reason of a certain frankness of expression and a contradictory subtle play of features. her manner was engaging.
it was a concerning development that he couldn't get out of his mind. he'd had many friends throughout his early years and had fond memories of playing with them, but he couldn't understand how it had all stopped. there was some point as he grew up that he played with each of his friends for the very last time, and he had no idea that it would be the last.
it was cloudy outside but not really raining. there was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella. this hadn't stopped sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it. it had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day. sarah used the umbrella to hide.
finding the red rose in the mailbox was a pleasant surprise for sarah. she didn't have a boyfriend or know of anyone who was interested in her as anything more than a friend. there wasn't even a note attached to it. although it was a complete mystery, it still made her heart jump and race a little more than usual. she wished that she could simply accept the gesture and be content knowing someone had given it to her, but that wasn't the way sarah did things. now it was time to do a little detective work and try to figure who had actually left the red rose.
the day had begun on a bright note. the sun finally peeked through the rain for the first time in a week, and the birds were singing in its warmth. there was no way to anticipate what was about to happen. it was a worst-case scenario and there was no way out of it.
twenty-five stars were neatly placed on the piece of paper. there was room for five more stars but they would be difficult ones to earn. it had taken years to earn the first twenty-five, and they were considered the "easy" ones.
it was a simple tip of the hat. grace didn't think that anyone else besides her had even noticed it. it wasn't anything that the average person would notice, let alone remember at the end of the day. that's why it seemed so unbelievable that this little gesture would ultimately change the course of the world.
she wondered if the note had reached him. she scolded herself for not handing it to him in person. she trusted her friend, but so much could happen. she waited impatiently for word.
since they are still preserved in the rocks for us to see, they must have been formed quite recently, that is, geologically speaking. what can explain these striations and their common orientation? did you ever hear about the great ice age or the pleistocene epoch? less than one million years ago, in fact, some KL,JJJ years ago, an ice sheet many thousands of feet thick rode over burke mountain in a southeastward direction. the many boulders frozen to the underside of the ice sheet tended to scratch the rocks over which they rode. the scratches or striations seen in the park rocks were caused by these attached boulders. the ice sheet also plucked and rounded burke mountain into the shape it possesses today.
the bridge spanning a KJJ-foot gully stood in front of him as the last obstacle blocking him from reaching his destination. while people may have called it a "bridge", the reality was it was nothing more than splintered wooden planks held together by rotting ropes. it was questionable whether it would hold the weight of a child, let alone the weight of a grown man. the problem was there was no other way across the gully, and this played into his calculations of whether or not it was worth the risk of trying to cross it.
he stared out the window at the snowy field. he'd been stuck in the house for close to a month and his only view of the outside world was through the window. there wasn't much to see. it was mostly just the field with an occasional bird or small animal who ventured into the field. as he continued to stare out the window, he wondered how much longer he'd be shackled to the steel bar inside the house.
"so, what do you think?" he asked nervously. he wanted to know the answer, but at the same time, he didn't. he'd put his heart and soul into the project and he wasn't sure he'd be able to recover if they didn't like what he produced. the silence from the others in the room seemed to last a lifetime even though it had only been a moment since he asked the question. "so, what do you think?" he asked again.
"it doesn't take much to touch someone's heart," daisy said with a smile on her face. "it's often just the little things you do that can change a person's day for the better." daisy truly believed this to be the way the world worked, but she didn't understand that she was merely a robot that had been programmed to believe this.
she tried not to judge him. his ratty clothes and unkempt hair made him look homeless. was he really the next einstein as she had been told? on the off chance it was true, she continued to try not to judge him.
lori lived her life through the lens of a camera. she never realized this until this very moment as she scrolled through thousands of images on your computer. she could remember the exact moment each photo was taken. she could remember where she had been, what she was thinking as she tried to get the shot, the smells of the surrounding area, and even the emotions that she felt taking the photo, yet she had trouble remembering what she had for breakfast.
they argue. while the argument seems to be different the truth is it's always the same. yes, the topic may be different or the circumstances, but when all said and done, it all came back to the same thing. they both knew it, but neither has the courage or strength to address the underlying issue. so they continue to argue.
she sat in the darkened room waiting. it was now a standoff. he had the power to put her in the room, but not the power to make her repent. it wasn't fair and no matter how long she had to endure the darkness, she wouldn't change her attitude. at three years old, sandy's stubborn personality had already bloomed into full view.
his mother had always taught him not to ever think of himself as better than others. he'd tried to live by this motto. he never looked down on those who were less fortunate or who had less money than him. but the stupidity of the group of people he was talking to made him change his mind.
was it a whisper or was it the wind? he wasn't quite sure. he thought he heard a voice but at this moment all he could hear was the wind rustling the leaves of the trees all around him. he stopped and listened more intently to see if he could hear the voice again. nothing but the wind rustling the leaves could be heard. he was about to continue his walk when he felt a hand on his shoulder, and he quickly turned to see who it was. there was nobody there, but he heard the voice again.
the towels had been hanging from the rod for years. they were stained and worn, and quite frankly, just plain ugly. debra didn't want to touch them but she really didn't have a choice. it was important for her to see what was living within them.
it was a question of which of the two she preferred. on the one hand, the choice seemed simple. the more expensive one with a brand name would be the choice of most. it was the easy choice. the safe choice. but she wasn't sure she actually preferred it.
they say you only come to peace with yourself when you know yourself better than those around you. derick knew nothing about this. he thought he had found peace but this was an illusion as he was about to find out with an unexpected occurrence that he actually knew nothing about himself.
benny was tired. not the normal every day tired from a hard day o work. the exhausted type of tired where you're surprised your body can even move. all he wanted to do was sit in front of the tv, put his feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer. the only issue was that he had forgotten where he lived.
the amber droplet hung from the branch, reaching fullness and ready to drop. it waited. while many of the other droplets were satisfied to form as big as they could and release, this droplet had other plans. it wanted to be part of history. it wanted to be remembered long after all the other droplets had dissolved into history. so it waited for the perfect specimen to fly by to trap and capture that it hoped would eventually be discovered hundreds of years in the future.
she looked at her little girl who was about to become a teen. she tried to think back to when the girl had been younger but failed to pinpoint the exact moment when she had become a little too big to pick up and carry. it hit her all at once. she was no longer a little girl and she stood there speechless with fear, sadness, and pride all running through her at the same time. the computer wouldn't start. she banged on the side and tried again. nothing. she lifted it up and dropped it to the table. still nothing. she banged her closed fist against the top. it was at this moment she saw the irony of trying to fix the machine with violence.
i inadvertently went to see's candy last week Bi was in the mall looking for phone repair,, and as it turns out, see's candy now charges a dollar -- a full dollar -- for even the simplest of their wee confection offerings. i bought two chocolate lollipops and two chocolate-caramel-almond things. the total cost was four-something. i mean, the candies were tasty and all, but let's be real: a snickers bar is fifty cents. after this dollar-per-candy revelation, i may not find myself wandering dreamily back into a see's candy any time soon.
she counted. one. she could hear the steps coming closer. two. puffs of breath could be seen coming from his mouth. three. he stopped beside her. four. she pulled the trigger of the gun.
the coin hovered in the air, spinning over and over again. it reached its peak and began to descend. both boys were pleading with it to land a certain way but the coin had already made up its mind on what it was going to do.
dave watched as the forest burned up on the hill, only a few miles from her house. the car had been hastily packed and marta was inside trying to round up the last of the pets. dave went through his mental list of the most important papers and documents that they couldn't leave behind. he scolded himself for not having prepared these better in advance and hoped that he had remembered everything that was needed. he continued to wait for marta to appear with the pets, but she still was nowhere to be seen.
how had she been so wrong? all her instincts and intuition completely failed her for the first time in her life. she had so heavily relied on both when making decisions up until this moment and she felt a seismic shift take place in her self-confidence. if she could be so completely wrong about something so simple as this, how could she make decisions about really important things taking place in her life? she wasn't sure what she should do next.
the paper was blank. it shouldn't have been. there should have been writing on the paper, at least a paragraph if not more. the fact that the writing wasn't there was frustrating. actually, it was even more than frustrating. it was downright distressing.
there was no time. he ran out of the door without half the stuff he needed for work, but it didn't matter. he was late and if he didn't make this meeting on time, someone's life may be in danger.
one dollar and eighty-seven cents. that was all. and sixty cents of it was in pennies. pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one's cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied. one dollar and eighty-seven cents. and the next day would be christmas...
it was cloudy outside but not really raining. there was a light sprinkle at most and there certainly wasn't a need for an umbrella. this hadn't stopped sarah from pulling her umbrella out and opening it. it had nothing to do with the weather or the potential rain later that day. sarah used the umbrella to hide.
my pincher collar is snapped on. then comes the electric zapper collar. finally, my purple at-home collar is taken off and i know i'm going for a walk to the dog park. i'm so excited to see my friends. i hope spike or thunder are there already. they're the most fun to chase and tumble with. my human is pretty strict with me. i'm only allowed on the grass and not on the sidewalks. i think she's afraid i'm going to jump on the other humans. i don't understand why everyone else gets to jump on the benches and run wild on the sidewalks. they don't listen to their humans. i know i could ignore mine but if i do she may zap me and it's just not worth it. she probably wouldn't let me back at the dog park if i didn't listen to her. i just love the dog park.
it's not his fault. i know you're going to want to, but you can't blame him. he really has no idea how it happened. i kept trying to come up with excuses i could say to mom that would keep her calm when she found out what happened, but the more i tried, the more i could see none of them would work. he was going to get her wrath and there was nothing i could say to prevent it.
he walked down the steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secured as quickly as possible. bounding down the steps, he heard something behind him and quickly turned in a panic. there was nobody there but a pair of old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps he had just come down. had he past them without seeing them? it didn't seem possible. he was about to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled his body.
her hand was balled into a fist with her keys protruding out from between her fingers. this was the weapon her father had shown her how to make when she walked alone to her car after work. she wished that she had something a little more potent than keys between her fingers. it would have been nice to have some mace or pepper spray. he had been meaning to buy some but had never gotten around to it. as the mother bear took another step forward with her cubs in tow, she knew her fist with keys wasn't going to be an adequate defense for this situation.
she nervously peered over the edge. she understood in her mind that the view was supposed to be beautiful, but all she felt was fear. there had always been something about heights that disturbed her, and now she could feel the full force of this unease. she reluctantly crept a little closer with the encouragement of her friends as the fear continued to build. she couldn't help but feel that something horrible was about to happen.
april seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices. she looked at her bed and what a mess it had become. how did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night?
peter always saw the world in black and white. there were two choices for every situation and you had to choose one of them. it was therefore terribly uncomfortable for him to spend time with ashley. she saw the world in shades of gray with hundreds of choices to choose from in every situation.
he hid under the covers hoping that nobody would notice him there. it really didn't make much sense since it would be obvious to anyone who walked into the room there was someone hiding there, but he still held out hope. he heard footsteps coming down the hall and stop in front in front of the bedroom door. he heard the squeak of the door hinges and someone opened the bedroom door. he held his breath waiting for whoever was about to discover him, but they never did.
green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy. ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore. at least this was the way it was supposed to be. something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway.
here's the thing. she doesn't have anything to prove, but she is going to anyway. that's just her character. she knows she doesn't have to, but she still will just to show you that she can. doubt her more and she'll prove she can again. we all already know this and you will too.
"begin today;" that's all the note said. there was no indication from where it came or who may have written it. had it been meant for someone else? meghan looked around the room, but nobody made eye contact back. for a brief moment, she thought it might be a message for her to follow her dreams, but ultimately decided it was easier to ignore it as she crumpled it up and threw it away.
he stepped away from the mic. this was the best take he had done so far, but something seemed missing. then it struck him all at once. visuals ran in front of his eyes and music rang in his ears. his eager fingers went to work in an attempt to capture his thoughts hoping the results would produce something that was at least half their glory.
dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament. he ran through all the events that had lead to this current situation and it still didn't make sense. he wanted to spend some time to try and make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment. the first was how to get out of his current situation of being naked in a tree with snow falling all around and no way for him to get down.
he couldn't move. his head throbbed and spun. he couldn't decide if it was the flu or the drinking last night. it was probably a combination of both.
sometimes it's simply better to ignore the haters. that's the lesson that tom's dad had been trying to teach him, but tom still couldn't let it go. he latched onto them and their hate and couldn't let it go, but he also realized that this wasn't healthy. that's when he came up with his devious plan.
one foot in front of the other, one more step, and then one more. jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest. he's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step. then another. and then one more.
the trail to the left had a "danger; do not pass" sign telling people to take the trail to the right. this wasn't the way zeke approached his hiking. rather than a warning, zeke read the sign as an invitation to explore an area that would be adventurous and exciting. as the others in the group all shited to the right, zeke slipped past the danger sign to begin an adventure he would later regret.
she considered the birds to be her friends. she'd put out food for them each morning and then she'd watch as they came to the feeders to gorge themselves for the day. she wondered what they would do if something ever happened to her. would they miss the meals she provided if she failed to put out the food one morning?
they needed to find a place to eat. the kids were beginning to get grumpy in the back seat and if they didn't find them food soon, it was just a matter of time before they were faced with a complete meltdown. even knowing this, the solution wasn't easy. everyone in the car had a different opinion on where the best place to eat would be with nobody agreeing with the suggestions of the others. it seemed to be an impossible no-win situation where not everyone would be happy no matter where they decided to eat which in itself would lead to a meltdown. yet a decision needed to be made and it needed to be made quickly.
she had come to the conclusion that you could tell a lot about a person by their ears. the way they stuck out and the size of the earlobes could give you wonderful insights into the person. of course, she couldn't scientifically prove any of this, but that didn't matter to her. before anything else, she would size up the ears of the person she was talking to.
it went through such rapid contortions that the little bear was forced to change his hold on it so many times he became confused in the darkness, and could not, for the life of him, tell whether he held the sheep right side up, or upside down. but that point was decided for him a moment later by the animal itself, who, with a sudden twist, jabbed its horns so hard into his lowest ribs that he gave a grunt of anger and disgust.
his mother had always taught him not to ever think of himself as better than others. he'd tried to live by this motto. he never looked down on those who were less fortunate or who had less money than him. but the stupidity of the group of people he was talking to made him change his mind.
the piano sat silently in the corner of the room. nobody could remember the last time it had been played. the little girl walked up to it and hit a few of the keys. the sound of the piano rang throughout the house for the first time in years. in the upstairs room, confined to her bed, the owner of the house had tears in her eyes.
"are you getting my texts???" she texted to him. he glanced at it and chuckled under his breath. of course he was getting them, but if he wasn't getting them, how would he ever be able to answer? he put the phone down and continued on his project. he was ignoring her texts and he planned to continue to do so.
they had no proof. he knew that they knew he had done it but they didn't have any proof. it was a huge distinction and it was the difference between him keeping his freedom or being locked away for decades. they continued to question him, probing him for information that they could use against him or find the proof they needed to put him away. he smiled and continued to block their every inquiry by feigning his innocence for a crime they all knew he committed.
he picked up the burnt end of the branch and made a mark on the stone. day OL if the marks on the stone were accurate. he couldn't be sure. day and nights had begun to blend together creating confusion, but he knew it was a long time. much too long.
sitting in the sun, away from everyone who had done him harm in the past, he quietly listened to those who roamed by. he felt at peace in the moment, hoping it would last, but knowing the reprieve would soon come to an end. he closed his eyes, the sun beating down on face and he smiled. he smiled for the first time in as long as he could remember.
there are different types of secrets. she had held onto plenty of them during her life, but this one was different. she found herself holding onto the worst type. it was the type of secret that could gnaw away at your insides if you didn't tell someone about it, but it could end up getting you killed if you did.
the fog was as thick as pea soup. this was a problem. gary was driving but couldn't see a thing in front of him. he knew he should stop, but the road was narrow so if he did, it would be right in the center of the road. he was sure that another car would end up rear-ending him, so he continued forward despite the lack of visibility. this was an unwise move.
you know that tingly feeling you get on the back of your neck sometimes? i just got that feeling when talking with her. you know i don't believe in sixth senses, but there is something not right with her. i don't know how i know, but i just do.
after hunting for several hours, we finally saw a large seal sunning itself on a flat rock. i took one of the wooden clubs while larry took the longer one. we slowly snuck up behind the seal until we were close enough to club it over its head. the seal slumped over and died. this seal would help us survive. we could eat the meat and fat. the fat could be burned in a shell for light and the fur could be used to make a blanket. we declared our first day of hunting a great success.
trees. it was something about the trees. the way they swayed with the wind in unison. the way they shaded the area around them. the sounds of their leaves in the wind and the creaks from the branches as they sway, the trees were making a statement that i just couldn't understand.
the alarm went off at exactly P:JJ am as it had every morning for the past five years. barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by ::JJ am. the day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change. in fact, it was going to change at exactly ::LM am.
he lifted the bottle to his lips and took a sip of the drink. he had tasted this before, but he couldn't quite remember the time and place it had happened. he desperately searched his mind trying to locate and remember where he had tasted this when the bicycle ran over his foot.
she didn't understand how changed worked. when she looked at today compared to yesterday, there was nothing that she could see that was different. yet, when she looked at today compared to last year, she couldn't see how anything was ever the same.
he slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice he has especially chiseled off a larger block. he didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive than how he actually liked it. it was all about image and he'd managed to perfect the image that he wanted to project.
there were about twenty people on the dam. most of them were simply walking and getting exercise. there were a few who were fishing. there was a family who had laid down a blanket and they were having a picnic. it was like this most days and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. the problem was that nobody noticed the water leaking through the dam wall.
the words hadn't flowed from his fingers for the past few weeks. he never imagined he'd find himself with writer's block, but here he sat with a blank screen in front of him. that blank screen taunting him day after day had started to play with his mind. he didn't understand why he couldn't even type a single word, just one to begin the process and build from there. and yet, he already knew that the eight hours he was prepared to sit in front of his computer today would end with the screen remaining blank.
lori lived her life through the lens of a camera. she never realized this until this very moment as she scrolled through thousands of images on your computer. she could remember the exact moment each photo was taken. she could remember where she had been, what she was thinking as she tried to get the shot, the smells of the surrounding area, and even the emotions that she felt taking the photo, yet she had trouble remembering what she had for breakfast.
stranded. yes, she was now the first person ever to land on venus, but that was of little consequence. her name would be read by millions in school as the first to land here, but that celebrity would never actually be seen by her. she looked at the control panel and knew there was nothing that would ever get it back into working order. she was the first and it was not clear this would also be her last.




her breath exited her mouth in big puffs as if she were smoking a cigarette. the morning dew had made her clothes damp and she shivered from the chill in the air. there was only one thing that could get her up and out this early in the morning.
there wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention. it was the clouds. the deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these. she knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared.
she's asked the question so many times that she barely listened to the answers anymore. the answers were always the same. well, not exactly the same, but the same in a general sense. a more accurate description was the answers never surprised her. so, she asked for the KJ,JJJth time, "what's your favorite animal?" but this time was different. when she heard the young boy's answer, she wondered if she had heard him correctly.
he was an expert but not in a discipline that anyone could fully appreciate. he knew how to hold the cone just right so that the soft server ice-cream fell into it at the precise angle to form a perfect cone each and every time. it had taken years to perfect and he could now do it without even putting any thought behind it. nobody seemed to fully understand the beauty of this accomplishment except for the new worker who watched in amazement.
it was the first day of the rest of her life. this wasn't the day she was actually born, but she knew that nothing would be the same from this day forward. although this was a bit scary to her, it was also extremely freeing. her past was no longer a burden or something that she needed to be concerned about and defend. she threw off the covers keeping her warm in bed, placed her feet over the side of the bed, slipped on her slipper, and took the first step of the first day of her new life.
her eyebrows were a shade darker than her hair. they were thick and almost horizontal, emphasizing the depth of her eyes. she was rather handsome than beautiful. her face was captivating by reason of a certain frankness of expression and a contradictory subtle play of features. her manner was engaging.
she closed her eyes and then opened them again. what she was seeing just didn't make sense. she shook her head seeing if that would help. it didn't. although it seemed beyond reality, there was no denying she was witnessing a large formation of alien spaceships filling the sky.
she was in a hurry. not the standard hurry when you're in a rush to get someplace, but a frantic hurry. the type of hurry where a few seconds could mean life or death. she raced down the road ignoring speed limits and weaving between cars. she was only a few minutes away when traffic came to a dead standstill on the road ahead.
housework could be everyone's work, not just "women's work". why do women enable men to act oblivious to cleaning, grocery shopping, pet feeding, etc? somehow when men live alone they figure out how to do all of those things all on their own. my friend's husband claimed he didn't know that sheets should be washed more than once a season. he said he didn't know one had to clean toilets. he assumed that since you flush toilets they clean themselves. she tried to get him to help but he did an awful job so she let him off the hook. wouldn't it be better if she spent the time and energy to get him to do it right instead of letting him claim he is "just bad at it". my sons were raised to clean toilets and change their own sheets. hopefully, in their future homes, the housework will be equally divided.
no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't give her a good explanation about what had happened. it didn't even really make sense to him. all he knew was that he froze at the moment and no matter how hard he tried to react, nothing in his body allowed him to move. it was as if he had instantly become a statue and although he could see what was taking place, he couldn't move to intervene. he knew that wasn't a satisfactory explanation even though it was the truth.
barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes. it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes. david had promised that he would be on time today. he never was, but he had promised this one time. she had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise. now she was paying the price.
they told her that this was her once chance to show the world what she was made of. she believed them at the time. it was the big stage and she knew the world would be there to see. the only one who had disagreed with this sentiment was her brother. he had told her that you don't show the world what you're made of when they are all watching, you show that in your actions when nobody was looking. it was looking more and more like her brother was correct.
finding the truth wouldn't be easy, that's for sure. then there was the question of whether or not jane really wanted to know the truth. that's the thing that bothered her most. it wasn't the difficulty of actually finding out what happened that was the obstacle, but having to live with that information once it was found.
where do they get a random paragraph?" he wondered as he clicked the generate button. do they just write a random paragraph or do they get it somewhere? at that moment he read the random paragraph and realized it was about random paragraphs and his world would never be the same.
she tried to explain that love wasn't like pie. there wasn't a set number of slices to be given out. there wasn't less to be given to one person if you wanted to give more to another. that after a set amount was given out it would all disappear. she tried to explain this, but it fell on deaf ears.
he scolded himself for being so tentative. he knew he shouldn't be so cautious, but there was a sixth sense telling him that things weren't exactly as they appeared. it was that weird chill that rolls up your neck and makes the hair stand on end. he knew that being so tentative could end up costing him the job, but he learned that listening to his sixth sense usually kept him from getting into a lot of trouble.
spending time at national parks can be an exciting adventure, but this wasn't the type of excitement she was hoping to experience. as she contemplated the situation she found herself in, she knew she'd gotten herself in a little more than she bargained for. it wasn't often that she found herself in a tree staring down at a pack of wolves that were looking to make her their next meal.
the alarm went off at exactly P:JJ am as it had every morning for the past five years. barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by ::JJ am. the day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change. in fact, it was going to change at exactly ::LM am.
the bush began to shake. brad couldn't see what was causing it to shake, but he didn't care. he had a pretty good idea about what was going on and what was happening. he was so confident that he approached the bush carefree and with a smile on his face. that all changed the instant he realized what was actually behind the bush.
the drug seekers would come into the emergency room and scream about how much pain they were in. when you told them that you would start elevating their pain with tylenol or advil instead of a narcotic they became nasty and combative. they would start telling you what drug and dose they had to have to make their pain tolerable. after dealing with the same drug seekers several times a month it gets old. some of the doctors would give in and give them a dose of morphine and send them away. sure that was faster, but ethically she still couldn't do it. perhaps that's why she had longer care times than the other doctors.
there weren't supposed to be dragons flying in the sky. first and foremost, dragons didn't exist. they were mythical creatures from fantasy books like unicorns. this was something that pete knew in his heart to be true so he was having a difficult time acknowledging that there were actually fire-breathing dragons flying in the sky above him.
she had come to the conclusion that you could tell a lot about a person by their ears. the way they stuck out and the size of the earlobes could give you wonderful insights into the person. of course, she couldn't scientifically prove any of this, but that didn't matter to her. before anything else, she would size up the ears of the person she was talking to.
one dollar and eighty-seven cents. that was all. and sixty cents of it was in pennies. pennies saved one and two at a time by bulldozing the grocer and the vegetable man and the butcher until one's cheeks burned with the silent imputation of parsimony that such close dealing implied. one dollar and eighty-seven cents. and the next day would be christmas...
the wave crashed and hit the sandcastle head-on. the sandcastle began to melt under the waves force and as the wave receded, half the sandcastle was gone. the next wave hit, not quite as strong, but still managed to cover the remains of the sandcastle and take more of it away. the third wave, a big one, crashed over the sandcastle completely covering and engulfing it. when it receded, there was no trace the sandcastle ever existed and hours of hard work disappeared forever.
it had been a simple realization that had changed debra's life perspective. it was really so simple that she was embarrassed that she had lived the previous five years with the way she measured her worth. now that she saw what she had been doing, she could see how sad it was. that made her all the more relieved she had made the change. the number of hearts her instagram posts received wasn't any longer the indication of her own self-worth.
it was a weird concept. why would i really need to generate a random paragraph? could i actually learn something from doing so? all these questions were running through her head as she pressed the generate button. to her surprise, she found what she least expected to see.
don't be scared. the things out there that are unknown aren't scary in themselves. they are just unknown at the moment. take the time to know them before you list them as scary. then the world will be a much less scary place for you.
one foot in front of the other, one more step, and then one more. jack's only thoughts were to keep moving no matter how much his body screamed to stop and rest. he's lost almost all his energy and his entire body ached beyond belief, but he forced himself to take another step. then another. and then one more.
she never liked cleaning the sink. it was beyond her comprehension how it got so dirty so quickly. it seemed that she was forced to clean it every other day. even when she was extra careful to keep things clean and orderly, it still ended up looking like a mess in a couple of days. what she didn't know was there was a tiny creature living in it that didn't like things neat.
he collected the plastic trash on a daily basis. it never seemed to end. even if he cleaned the entire beach, more plastic would cover it the next day after the tide had come in. although it was a futile effort that would never be done, he continued to pick up the trash each day.
he slowly poured the drink over a large chunk of ice he has especially chiseled off a larger block. he didn't particularly like his drinks cold, but he knew that the drama of chiseling the ice and then pouring a drink over it looked far more impressive than how he actually liked it. it was all about image and he'd managed to perfect the image that he wanted to project.
she sat down with her notebook in her hand, her mind wandering to faraway places. she paused and considered all that had happened. it hadn't gone as expected. when the day began she thought it was going to be a bad one, but as she sat recalling the day's events to write them down, she had to admit, it had been a rather marvelous day.
the spot was perfect for camouflage. at least that's what she thought when she picked the spot. she couldn't imagine that anyone would ever be able to see her in these surroundings. so there she sat, confident that she was hidden from the world and safe from danger. unfortunately, she had not anticipated that others may be looking upon her from other angles, and now they were stealthily descending toward her hiding spot.
i'm heading back to colorado tomorrow after being down in santa barbara over the weekend for the festival there. i will be making october plans once there and will try to arrange so i'm back here for the birthday if possible. i'll let you know as soon as i know the doctor's appointment schedule and my flight plans.
since they are still preserved in the rocks for us to see, they must have been formed quite recently, that is, geologically speaking. what can explain these striations and their common orientation? did you ever hear about the great ice age or the pleistocene epoch? less than one million years ago, in fact, some KL,JJJ years ago, an ice sheet many thousands of feet thick rode over burke mountain in a southeastward direction. the many boulders frozen to the underside of the ice sheet tended to scratch the rocks over which they rode. the scratches or striations seen in the park rocks were caused by these attached boulders. the ice sheet also plucked and rounded burke mountain into the shape it possesses today.
balloons are pretty and come in different colors, different shapes, different sizes, and they can even adjust sizes as needed. but don't make them too big or they might just pop, and then bye-bye balloon. it'll be gone and lost for the rest of mankind. they can serve a variety of purposes, from decorating to water balloon wars. you just have to use your head to think a little bit about what to do with them.
colors bounced around in her head. they mixed and threaded themselves together. even colors that had no business being together. they were all one, yet distinctly separate at the same time. how was she going to explain this to the others?
the shades were closed keeping the room dark. peter knew that he should open them and let in the sunlight so he could begin the day, but he didn't have the energy or willpower. nothing had gone as expected the day before and he no longer wanted to spend the energy to begin a new day. he stared at the shades wondering if there was a way to disappear from the reality of the world for the rest of the day.
love isn't always a ray of sunshine. that's what the older girls kept telling her when she said she had found the perfect man. she had thought this was simply bitter talk on their part since they had been unable to find true love like hers. but now she had to face the fact that they may have been right. love may not always be a ray of sunshine. that is unless they were referring to how the sun can burn.
my pincher collar is snapped on. then comes the electric zapper collar. finally, my purple at-home collar is taken off and i know i'm going for a walk to the dog park. i'm so excited to see my friends. i hope spike or thunder are there already. they're the most fun to chase and tumble with. my human is pretty strict with me. i'm only allowed on the grass and not on the sidewalks. i think she's afraid i'm going to jump on the other humans. i don't understand why everyone else gets to jump on the benches and run wild on the sidewalks. they don't listen to their humans. i know i could ignore mine but if i do she may zap me and it's just not worth it. she probably wouldn't let me back at the dog park if i didn't listen to her. i just love the dog park.
what were they eating? it didn't taste like anything she had ever eaten before and although she was famished, she didn't dare ask. she knew the answer would be one she didn't want to hear.
stormi is a dog. she is dark grey and has long legs. her eyes are expressive and are able to let her humans know what she is thinking. her tongue is long, pink, and wet. her long legs allow her to sprint after other dogs, people or bunnies. she can be a good dog, but also very bad. her tail wags when happy or excited and hides between her back legs when she is bad. stormi is a dog i love.
"can i get you anything else?" david asked. it was a question he asked a hundred times a day and he always received the same answer. it had become such an ingrained part of his daily routine that he had to step back and actively think when he heard the little girl's reply. nobody had before answered the question the way that she did, and david didn't know how he should respond.
the computer wouldn't start. she banged on the side and tried again. nothing. she lifted it up and dropped it to the table. still nothing. she banged her closed fist against the top. it was at this moment she saw the irony of trying to fix the machine with violence.
patricia's friend who was here hardly had any issues at all, but she wasn't telling the truth. yesterday, before she left to go home, she heard that her husband is in the hospital and pretended to be surprised. it later came out that she was the person who had put him there.
twenty-five hours had passed since the incident. it seemed to be a lot longer than that. that twenty-five hours seemed more like a week in her mind. the fact that she still was having trouble comprehending exactly what took place wasn't helping the matter. she thought if she could just get a little rest the entire incident might make a little more sense.
nobody really understood kevin. it wasn't that he was super strange or difficult. it was more that there wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him. this was a shame as kevin had many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had. it was even more of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if kevin offered to give them the answers. so, kevin remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself.
the boxed moved. that was a problem. peter had packed the box three hours before and there was nothing inside that should make it move. the question now was whether or not peter was going to open it up and look inside to see why it had moved. the answer to that question was obvious. peter dropped the package into the mailbox so he would never have to see it again.
i recently discovered i could make fudge with just chocolate chips, sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract, and a thick pot on slow heat. i tried it with dark chocolate chunks and i tried it with semi-sweet chocolate chips. it's better with both kinds. it comes out pretty bad with just the dark chocolate. the best add-ins are crushed almonds and marshmallows -- what you get from that is rocky road. it takes about twenty minutes from start to fridge, and then it takes about six months to work off the twenty pounds you gain from eating it. all things in moderation, friends. all things in moderation.
he heard the song coming from a distance, lightly floating over the air to his ears. although it was soft and calming, he was wary. it seemed a little too soft and a little too calming for everything that was going on. he wanted it to be nothing more than beautiful music coming from the innocent and pure joy of singing, but in the back of his mind, he knew it was likely some type of trap.
sometimes that's just the way it has to be. sure, there were probably other options, but he didn't let them enter his mind. it was done and that was that. it was just the way it had to be.
dave wasn't exactly sure how he had ended up in this predicament. he ran through all the events that had lead to this current situation and it still didn't make sense. he wanted to spend some time to try and make sense of it all, but he had higher priorities at the moment. the first was how to get out of his current situation of being naked in a tree with snow falling all around and no way for him to get down.
all he could think about was how it would all end. there was still a bit of uncertainty in the equation, but the basics were there for anyone to see. no matter how much he tried to see the positive, it wasn't anywhere to be seen. the end was coming and it wasn't going to be pretty.
they had always called it the green river. it made sense. the river was green. the river likely had a different official name, but to everyone in town, it was and had always been the green river. so it was with great surprise that on this day the green river was a fluorescent pink.
out of another, i get a lovely view of the bay and a little private wharf belonging to the estate. there is a beautiful shaded lane that runs down there from the house. i always fancy i see people walking in these numerous paths and arbors, but john has cautioned me not to give way to fancy in the least. he says that with my imaginative power and habit of story-making a nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all manner of excited fancies and that i ought to use my will and good sense to check the tendency. so i try.
welcome to my world. you will be greeted by the unexpected here and your mind will be challenged and expanded in ways that you never thought possible. that is if you are able to survive...
it's always good to bring a slower friend with you on a hike. if you happen to come across bears, the whole group doesn't have to worry. only the slowest in the group do. that was the lesson they were about to learn that day.
ten more steps. if he could take ten more steps it would be over, but his legs wouldn't move. he tried to will them to work, but they wouldn't listen to his brain. ten more steps and it would be over but it didn't appear he would be able to do it.
april seriously wondered about her sleeping partner choices. she looked at her bed and what a mess it had become. how did she get to the point in her life where she had two dogs, three cats, and a raccoon sleeping with her every night?
finding the truth wouldn't be easy, that's for sure. then there was the question of whether or not jane really wanted to know the truth. that's the thing that bothered her most. it wasn't the difficulty of actually finding out what happened that was the obstacle, but having to live with that information once it was found.
peter always saw the world in black and white. there were two choices for every situation and you had to choose one of them. it was therefore terribly uncomfortable for him to spend time with ashley. she saw the world in shades of gray with hundreds of choices to choose from in every situation.
she had a terrible habit o comparing her life to others. she realized that their life experiences were completely different than her own and that she saw only what they wanted her to see, but that didn't matter. she still compared herself and yearned for what she thought they had and she didn't.
sleep deprivation causes all sorts of challenges and problems. when one doesn't get enough sleep one's mind doesn't work clearly. studies have shown that after staying awake for LN hours one's ability to do simple math is greatly impaired. driving tired has been shown to be as bad as driving drunk. moods change, depression, anxiety, and mania can be induced by lack of sleep. as much as people try to do without enough sleep it is a wonder more crazy things don't happen in this world.
eating raw fish didn't sound like a good idea. "it's a delicacy in japan," didn't seem to make it any more appetizing. raw fish is raw fish, delicacy or not.
betty decided to write a short story and she was sure it was going to be amazing. she had already written it in her head and each time she thought about it she grinned from ear to ear knowing how wonderful it would be. she could imagine the accolades coming in and the praise she would receive for creating such a wonderful piece. she was therefore extremely frustrated when she actually sat down to write the short story and the story that was so beautiful inside her head refused to come out that way on paper.
should he write it down? that was the question running through his mind. he couldn't believe what had just happened and he knew nobody else would believe him as well. even if he documented what had happened by writing it down, he still didn't believe anyone would still believe it. so the question remained. was it be worth it to actually write it down?
he walked down the steps from the train station in a bit of a hurry knowing the secrets in the briefcase must be secured as quickly as possible. bounding down the steps, he heard something behind him and quickly turned in a panic. there was nobody there but a pair of old worn-out shoes were placed neatly on the steps he had just come down. had he past them without seeing them? it didn't seem possible. he was about to turn and be on his way when a deep chill filled his body.
"can i get you anything else?" david asked. it was a question he asked a hundred times a day and he always received the same answer. it had become such an ingrained part of his daily routine that he had to step back and actively think when he heard the little girl's reply. nobody had before answered the question the way that she did, and david didn't know how he should respond.
her breath exited her mouth in big puffs as if she were smoking a cigarette. the morning dew had made her clothes damp and she shivered from the chill in the air. there was only one thing that could get her up and out this early in the morning.
he ordered his regular breakfast. two eggs sunnyside up, hash browns, and two strips of bacon. he continued to look at the menu wondering if this would be the day he added something new. this was also part of the routine. a few seconds of hesitation to see if something else would be added to the order before demuring and saying that would be all. it was the same exact meal that he had ordered every day for the past two years.
he swung back the fishing pole and cast the line which ell LO feet away into the river. the lure landed in the perfect spot and he was sure he would soon get a bite. he never expected that the bite would come from behind in the form of a bear.
it was a simple green chair. there was nothing extraordinary about it or so it seemed. it was the type of chair one would pass without even noticing it was there, let alone what the actual color of it was. it was due to this common and unassuming appearance that few people actually stopped to sit in it and discover its magical powers.
there were little things that she simply could not stand. the sound of someone tapping their nails on the table. a person chewing with their mouth open. another human imposing themselves into her space. she couldn't stand any of these things, but none of them compared to the number one thing she couldn't stand which topped all of them combined.
debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach. she wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air. she shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or two more down the hole. her fingers still touched nothing but air.
the red ball sat proudly at the top of the toybox. it had been the last to be played with and anticipated it would be the next as well. the other toys grumbled beneath. at one time each had held the spot of the red ball, but over time they had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box.
lori lived her life through the lens of a camera. she never realized this until this very moment as she scrolled through thousands of images on your computer. she could remember the exact moment each photo was taken. she could remember where she had been, what she was thinking as she tried to get the shot, the smells of the surrounding area, and even the emotions that she felt taking the photo, yet she had trouble remembering what she had for breakfast.
it wasn't that he hated her. it was simply that he didn't like her much. it was difficult for him to explain this to her, and even more difficult for her to truly understand. she was in love and wanted him to feel the same way. he didn't, and no matter how he tried to explain to her she refused to listen or to understand.
he read about a hike called the incline in the guidebook. it said it was a strenuous hike and to bring plenty of water. "a beautiful hike to the clouds" described one review. "not for the faint-hearted," said another. "not too bad of a workout", bragged a third review. i thought i'd hike it when i fly in from maryland on my day off from the senior citizen's wellness conference. i hiked L miles a day around the neighborhood so i could handle a K.K-mile hike. what a foolish mistake that was for a :J-year-old low-lander.
green vines attached to the trunk of the tree had wound themselves toward the top of the canopy. ants used the vine as their private highway, avoiding all the creases and crags of the bark, to freely move at top speed from top to bottom or bottom to top depending on their current chore. at least this was the way it was supposed to be. something had damaged the vine overnight halfway up the tree leaving a gap in the once pristine ant highway.
she closed her eyes and then opened them again. what she was seeing just didn't make sense. she shook her head seeing if that would help. it didn't. although it seemed beyond reality, there was no denying she was witnessing a large formation of alien spaceships filling the sky.
he heard the crack echo in the late afternoon about a mile away. his heart started racing and he bolted into a full sprint. "it wasn't a gunshot, it wasn't a gunshot," he repeated under his breathlessness as he continued to sprint.
sometimes it just doesn't make sense. the man walking down the street in a banana suit. the llama standing in the middle of the road. the fairies dancing in front of the car window. the fact that all of this was actually happening and wasn't a dream.
it had become a far too common an event in her life. she has specifically placed the key to the box in a special place so that she wouldn't lose it and know exactly where it was when the key was needed. now that she needed to open the box, she had absolutely no idea where that special spot she placed the key might be.
she has seen this scene before. it had come to her in dreams many times before. she had to pinch herself to make sure it wasn't a dream again. as her fingers squeezed against her arm, she felt the pain. it was this pain that immediately woke her up.
sitting in the sun, away from everyone who had done him harm in the past, he quietly listened to those who roamed by. he felt at peace in the moment, hoping it would last, but knowing the reprieve would soon come to an end. he closed his eyes, the sun beating down on face and he smiled. he smiled for the first time in as long as he could remember.
it was a rat's nest. not a literal one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemble every morning when she got up. it was going to take at least an hour to get it under control and she was sick and tired of it. she peered into the mirror and wondered if it was worth it. it wasn't. she opened the drawer and picked up the hair clippers.
the time had come for nancy to say goodbye. she had been dreading this moment for a good six months, and it had finally arrived despite her best efforts to forestall it. no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't keep the inevitable from happening. so the time had come for a normal person to say goodbye and move on. it was at this moment that nancy decided not to be a normal person. after all the time and effort she had expended, she couldn't bring herself to do it.
sleeping in his car was never the plan but sometimes things don't work out as planned. this had been his life for the last three months and he was just beginning to get used to it. he didn't actually enjoy it, but he had accepted it and come to terms with it. or at least he thought he had. all that changed when he put the key into the ignition, turned it and the engine didn't make a sound.
i'm so confused by your ridiculous meltdown that i must insist on some sort of explanation for your behavior towards me. it just doesn't make any sense. there's no way that i deserved the treatment you gave me without an explanation or an apology for how out of line you have been.
there weren't supposed to be dragons flying in the sky. first and foremost, dragons didn't exist. they were mythical creatures from fantasy books like unicorns. this was something that pete knew in his heart to be true so he was having a difficult time acknowledging that there were actually fire-breathing dragons flying in the sky above him.
he couldn't move. his head throbbed and spun. he couldn't decide if it was the flu or the drinking last night. it was probably a combination of both.
there was no time. he ran out of the door without half the stuff he needed for work, but it didn't matter. he was late and if he didn't make this meeting on time, someone's life may be in danger.
he hid under the covers hoping that nobody would notice him there. it really didn't make much sense since it would be obvious to anyone who walked into the room there was someone hiding there, but he still held out hope. he heard footsteps coming down the hall and stop in front in front of the bedroom door. he heard the squeak of the door hinges and someone opened the bedroom door. he held his breath waiting for whoever was about to discover him, but they never did.
the robot clicked disapprovingly, gurgled briefly inside its cubical interior and extruded a pony glass of brownish liquid. "sir, you will undoubtedly end up in a drunkard's grave, dead of hepatic cirrhosis," it informed me virtuously as it returned my id card. i glared as i pushed the glass across the table.
there were two things that were important to tracey. the first was her dog. anyone that had ever met tracey knew how much she loved her dog. most would say that she treated it as her child. the dog went everywhere with her and it had been her best friend for the past five years. the second thing that was important to tracey, however, would be a lot more surprising to most people.
the alarm went off at exactly P:JJ am as it had every morning for the past five years. barbara began her morning and was ready to eat breakfast by ::JJ am. the day appeared to be as normal as any other, but that was about to change. in fact, it was going to change at exactly ::LM am.
the bridge spanning a KJJ-foot gully stood in front of him as the last obstacle blocking him from reaching his destination. while people may have called it a "bridge", the reality was it was nothing more than splintered wooden planks held together by rotting ropes. it was questionable whether it would hold the weight of a child, let alone the weight of a grown man. the problem was there was no other way across the gully, and this played into his calculations of whether or not it was worth the risk of trying to cross it.
frank knew there was a correct time and place to reveal his secret and this wasn't it. the issue was that the secret might be revealed despite his best attempt to keep it from coming out. at this point, it was out of his control and completely dependant on those around him who also knew the secret. they wouldn't purposely reveal it, or at least he believed that, but they could easily inadvertently expose it. it was going to be a long hour as he nervously eyed everyone around the table hoping they would keep their mouths shut.
if you can imagine a furry humanoid seven feet tall, with the face of an intelligent gorilla and the braincase of a man, you'll have a rough idea of what they looked like -- except for their teeth. the canines would have fitted better in the face of a tiger, and showed at the corners of their wide, thin-lipped mouths, giving them an expression of ferocity.
the red line moved across the page. with each millimeter it advanced forward, something changed in the room. the actual change taking place was difficult to perceive, but the change was real. the red line continued relentlessly across the page and the room would never be the same. there was nothing to indicate nancy was going to change the world. she looked like an average girl going to an average high school. it was the fact that everything about her seemed average that would end up becoming her superpower.
welcome to my world. you will be greeted by the unexpected here and your mind will be challenged and expanded in ways that you never thought possible. that is if you are able to survive...
the rain was coming. everyone thought this would be a good thing. it hadn't rained in months and the earth was dry as a bone. it wasn't a surprise that everyone thought a good rain was what was needed, but they never expected how much rain would actually arrive.
she was aware that things could go wrong. in fact, she had trained her entire life in anticipation that things would go wrong one day. she had quiet confidence as she started to see that this was the day that all her training would be worthwhile and useful. at this point, she had no idea just how wrong everything would go that day.
mary had to make a decision and she knew that whatever decision she made, it would upset someone. it seemed like such a silly reason for people to get upset but she knew the minute that she began to consider doing it that there was no way everyone in her life would be pleased with what she ultimately decided to do. it was simply a question of who she would rather displease most. while this had always been her parents, and especially her mom, in the past that she tried to keep from upsetting, she decided that this time the person she was going to please the most with her decision was herself.
there wasn't a bird in the sky, but that was not what caught her attention. it was the clouds. the deep green that isn't the color of clouds, but came with these. she knew what was coming and she hoped she was prepared.
there was a leak in the boat. nobody had yet noticed it, and nobody would for the next couple of hours. this was a problem since the boat was heading out to sea and while the leak was quite small at the moment, it would be much larger when it was ultimately discovered. john had planned it exactly this way.
the spot was perfect for camouflage. at least that's what she thought when she picked the spot. she couldn't imagine that anyone would ever be able to see her in these surroundings. so there she sat, confident that she was hidden from the world and safe from danger. unfortunately, she had not anticipated that others may be looking upon her from other angles, and now they were stealthily descending toward her hiding spot.
it was difficult for him to admit he was wrong. he had been so certain that he was correct and the deeply held belief could never be shaken. yet the proof that he had been incorrect stood right before his eyes. "see daddy, i told you that they are real;" his daughter excitedly proclaimed.
"what is the best way to get what you want?" she asked. he looked down at the ground knowing that she wouldn't like his answer. he hesitated, knowing that the truth would only hurt. how was he going to tell her that the best way for him to get what he wanted was to leave her?
the red glint of paint sparkled under the sun. he had dreamed of owning this car since he was ten, and that dream had become a reality less than a year ago. it was his baby and he spent hours caring for it, pampering it, and fondling over it. she knew this all too well, and that's exactly why she had taken a sludge hammer to it.
they say you only come to peace with yourself when you know yourself better than those around you. derick knew nothing about this. he thought he had found peace but this was an illusion as he was about to find out with an unexpected occurrence that he actually knew nothing about himself.
barbara had been waiting at the table for twenty minutes. it had been twenty long and excruciating minutes. david had promised that he would be on time today. he never was, but he had promised this one time. she had made him repeat the promise multiple times over the last week until she'd believed his promise. now she was paying the price.
there were only two ways to get out of this mess if they all worked together. the problem was that neither was all that appealing. one would likely cause everyone a huge amount of physical pain while the other would likely end up with everyone in jail. in sam's mind, there was only one thing to do. he threw everyone else under the bus and he secretly sprinted away leaving the others to take the fall without him.
at that moment he had a thought that he'd never imagine he'd consider. "i could just cheat," he thought, "and that would solve the problem." he tried to move on from the thought but it was persistent. it didn't want to go away and, if he was honest with himself, he didn't want it to.
bryan had made peace with himself and felt comfortable with the choices he made. this had made all the difference in the world. being alone no longer bothered him and this was essential since there was a good chance he might spend the rest of his life alone in a cell.
"it's never good to give them details," janice told her sister. "always be a little vague and keep them guessing." her sister listened intently and nodded in agreement. she didn't fully understand what her sister was saying but that didn't matter. she loved her so much that she would have agreed to whatever came out of her mouth.
nobody really understood kevin. it wasn't that he was super strange or difficult. it was more that there wasn't enough there that anyone wanted to take the time to understand him. this was a shame as kevin had many of the answers to the important questions most people who knew him had. it was even more of a shame that they'd refuse to listen even if kevin offered to give them the answers. so, kevin remained silent, misunderstood, and kept those important answers to life to himself.
he sat staring at the person in the train stopped at the station going in the opposite direction. she sat staring ahead, never noticing that she was being watched. both trains began to move and he knew that in another timeline or in another universe, they had been happy together.
it was a question of which of the two she preferred. on the one hand, the choice seemed simple. the more expensive one with a brand name would be the choice of most. it was the easy choice. the safe choice. but she wasn't sure she actually preferred it.
"it doesn't take much to touch someone's heart," daisy said with a smile on her face. "it's often just the little things you do that can change a person's day for the better." daisy truly believed this to be the way the world worked, but she didn't understand that she was merely a robot that had been programmed to believe this.
how had she been so wrong? all her instincts and intuition completely failed her for the first time in her life. she had so heavily relied on both when making decisions up until this moment and she felt a seismic shift take place in her self-confidence. if she could be so completely wrong about something so simple as this, how could she make decisions about really important things taking place in her life? she wasn't sure what she should do next.
the coin hovered in the air, spinning over and over again. it reached its peak and began to descend. both boys were pleading with it to land a certain way but the coin had already made up its mind on what it was going to do.
debbie had taken george for granted for more than fifteen years now. he wasn't sure what exactly had made him choose this time and place to address the issue, but he decided that now was the time. he looked straight into her eyes and just as she was about to speak, turned away and walked out the door.
the blinking light caught her attention. she thought about it a bit and couldn't remember ever noticing it before. that was strange since it was obvious the flashing light had been there for years. now she wondered how she missed it for that amount of time and what other things in her small town she had failed to notice.
what if dogs were racist? would they care about fur color.
.. "son, only play with other tan dogs"? or maybe it would depend on breed, "honey, only play with other german shepards, never poodles". better yet it could depend on occupation. "i'm a sled dog while you're only a running companion, leave me alone". maybe the neighborhood they live in could be the way they choose which dogs to associate with and which to shun? size could be the determining factor, "see how tall that dog is, they are probably dumb". luckily dogs don't discriminate. just watch at a dog park. big black and white dogs wag their tails and play with tiny tan dogs. a service dog chases after the same ball as the off-duty police dog. so if dogs don't discriminate then why do we?
it all started with a random letter. several of those were joined forces to create a random word. the words decided to get together and form a random sentence. they decided not to stop there and it wasn't long before a random paragraph had been cobbled together. the question was whether or not they could continue the momentum long enough to create a random short story.
many people say that life isn't like a bed of roses. i beg to differ. i think that life is quite like a bed of roses. just like life, a bed of roses looks pretty on the outside, but when you're in it, you find that it is nothing but thorns and pain. i myself have been pricked quite badly.
"can i get you anything else?" david asked. it was a question he asked a hundred times a day and he always received the same answer. it had become such an ingrained part of his daily routine that he had to step back and actively think when he heard the little girl's reply. nobody had before answered the question the way that she did, and david didn't know how he should respond.
it was a rat's nest. not a literal one, but that is what her hair seemed to resemble every morning when she got up. it was going to take at least an hour to get it under control and she was sick and tired of it. she peered into the mirror and wondered if it was worth it. it wasn't. she opened the drawer and picked up the hair clippers.
it's not his fault. i know you're going to want to, but you can't blame him. he really has no idea how it happened. i kept trying to come up with excuses i could say to mom that would keep her calm when she found out what happened, but the more i tried, the more i could see none of them would work. he was going to get her wrath and there was nothing i could say to prevent it.
then came the night of the first falling star. it was seen early in the morning, rushing over winchester eastward, a line of flame high in the atmosphere. hundreds must have seen it and taken it for an ordinary falling star. it seemed that it fell to earth about one hundred miles east of him.
twenty-five hours had passed since the incident. it seemed to be a lot longer than that. that twenty-five hours seemed more like a week in her mind. the fact that she still was having trouble comprehending exactly what took place wasn't helping the matter. she thought if she could just get a little rest the entire incident might make a little more sense.
what have you noticed today? i noticed that if you outline the eyes, nose, and mouth on your face with your finger, you make an "i" which makes perfect sense, but is something i never noticed before. what have you noticed today?
"explain to me again why i shouldn't cheat?" he asked. "all the others do and nobody ever gets punished for doing so. i should go about being happy losing to cheaters because i know that i don't? that's what you're telling me?"
they decided to find the end of the rainbow. while they hoped they would find a pot of gold, neither of them truly believed that the mythical pot would actually be there. nor did they believe they could actually find the end of the rainbow. still, it seemed like a fun activity for the day, and pictures of them chasing rainbows would look great on their instagram accounts. they would have never believed they would actually find the end of a rainbow, and when they did, what they actually found there.
the clowns had taken over. and yes, they were literally clowns. over KJJ had appeared out of a small vw bug that had been driven up to the bank. now they were all inside and had taken it over.
it had been a late night. to be more correct, it had been an early morning. it was now M:JJ am and george was just getting home. he wasn't sure if it had been worth it. he was supposed to have been finished by KJ:JJ pm, but his boss had implored him to stay and help when it was clear they weren't going to meet the KJ:JJ pm target time. so, he had stayed an extra O hours and lost a good night's sleep for something he didn't really believe in, but he did anyway because he was afraid if he refused he might lose his job.
if you can imagine a furry humanoid seven feet tall, with the face of an intelligent gorilla and the braincase of a man, you'll have a rough idea of what they looked like -- except for their teeth. the canines would have fitted better in the face of a tiger, and showed at the corners of their wide, thin-lipped mouths, giving them an expression of ferocity.
there was a time when this wouldn't have bothered her. the fact that it did actually bother her bothered her even more. what had changed in her life that such a small thing could annoy her so much for the entire day? she knew it was ridiculous that she even took notice of it, yet she was still obsessing over it as she tried to fall asleep.
he collected the plastic trash on a daily basis. it never seemed to end. even if he cleaned the entire beach, more plastic would cover it the next day after the tide had come in. although it was a futile effort that would never be done, he continued to pick up the trash each day.
debbie put her hand into the hole, sliding her hand down as far as her arm could reach. she wiggled her fingers hoping to touch something, but all she felt was air. she shifted the weight of her body to try and reach an inch or two more down the hole. her fingers still touched nothing but air.
things aren't going well at all with mom today. she is just a limp noodle and wants to sleep all the time. i sure hope that things get better soon.
another option you have is choosing the number of syllables in the words you speak. you probably have never considered this option before, but you have it every time you open your mouth and speak. you make so many choices like this that you never even think about, but you have the choice with each one. what are you going to do with this knowledge?
there were little things that she simply could not stand. the sound of someone tapping their nails on the table. a person chewing with their mouth open. another human imposing themselves into her space. she couldn't stand any of these things, but none of them compared to the number one thing she couldn't stand which topped all of them combined.
although scott said it didn't matter to him, he knew deep inside that it did. they had been friends as long as he could remember and not once had he had to protest that something joe apologized for doing didn't really matter. scott stuck to his lie and insisted again and again that everything was fine as joe continued to apologize. scott already knew that despite his words accepting the apologies that their friendship would never be the same.
they argue. while the argument seems to be different the truth is it's always the same. yes, the topic may be different or the circumstances, but when all said and done, it all came back to the same thing. they both knew it, but neither has the courage or strength to address the underlying issue. so they continue to argue.
benny was tired. not the normal every day tired from a hard day o work. the exhausted type of tired where you're surprised your body can even move. all he wanted to do was sit in front of the tv, put his feet up on the coffee table, and drink a beer. the only issue was that he had forgotten where he lived.
she didn't understand how changed worked. when she looked at today compared to yesterday, there was nothing that she could see that was different. yet, when she looked at today compared to last year, she couldn't see how anything was ever the same.
they rushed out the door, grabbing anything and everything they could think of they might need. there was no time to double-check to make sure they weren't leaving something important behind. everything was thrown into the car and they sped off. thirty minutes later they were safe and that was when it dawned on them that they had forgotten the most important thing of all.










introduction: lost and found
every morning, as i walk into pixar animation studios-past the twenty-foot-high sculpture
of luxo jr., our friendly desk lamp mascot, through the double doors and into a spectacular
glass-ceilinged atrium where a man-sized buzz lightyear and woody, made entirely of lego
bricks, stand at attention, up the stairs past sketches and paintings of the characters that have
populated our fourteen films-i am struck by the unique culture that defines this place.
although i've made this walk thousands of times, it never gets old.
built on the site of a former cannery, pixar's fifteen-acre campus, just over the bay bridge
from san francisco, was designed, inside and out, by steve jobs. Bits name, in fact, is the
steve jobs building., it has well-thought-out patterns of entry and egress that encourage
people to mingle, meet, and communicate. outside, there is a soccer field, a volleyball court,
a swimming pool, and a six-hundred-seat amphitheater. sometimes visitors misunderstand the
place, thinking it's fancy for fancy's sake. what they miss is that the unifying idea for this
building isn't luxury but community. steve wanted the building to support our work by
enhancing our ability to collaborate.
the animators who work here are free to-no, encouraged to-decorate their work spaces
in whatever style they wish. they spend their days inside pink dollhouses whose ceilings are
hung with miniature chandeliers, tiki huts made of real bamboo, and castles whose
meticulously painted, fifteen-foot-high styrofoam turrets appear to be carved from stone.
annual company traditions include "pixarpalooza," where our in-house rock bands battle for
dominance, shredding their hearts out on stages we erect on our front lawn.
the point is, we value self-expression here. this tends to make a big impression on visitors,
who often tell me that the experience of walking into pixar leaves them feeling a little wistful,
like something is missing in their work lives-a palpable energy, a feeling of collaboration
and unfettered creativity, a sense, not to be corny, of possibility. i respond by telling them
that the feeling they are picking up on-call it exuberance or irreverence, even whimsy-is
integral to our success.
but it's not what makes pixar special.
what makes pixar special is that we acknowledge we will always have problems, many of
them hidden from our viewU that we work hard to uncover these problems, even if doing so
means making ourselves uncomfortableU and that, when we come across a problem, we
marshal all of our energies to solve it. this, more than any elaborate party or turreted
workstation, is why i love coming to work in the morning. it is what motivates me and gives
me a definite sense of mission.
there was a time, however, when my purpose here felt a lot less clear to me. and it might
surprise you when i tell you when.
on november LL, KSSO, toy story debuted in america's theaters and became the largest
thanksgiving opening in history. critics heralded it as "inventive" Btime,, "brilliant" and
"exultantly witty" Bthe new york times,, and "visionary" Bchicago sun-times,. to find a movie
worthy of comparison, wrote the washington post, one had to go back to KSMS, to the wizard
of oz.
the making of toy story-the first feature film to be animated entirely on a computer-had
required every ounce of our tenacity, artistry, technical wizardry, and endurance. the
hundred or so men and women who produced it had weathered countless ups and downs as
well as the ever-present, hair-raising knowledge that our survival depended on this RJ-minute
experiment. for five straight years, we'd fought to do toy story our way. we'd resisted the
advice of disney executives who believed that since they'd had such success with musicals,
we too should fill our movie with songs. we'd rebooted the story completely, more than once,
to make sure it rang true. we'd worked nights, weekends, and holidays-mostly without
complaint. despite being novice filmmakers at a fledgling studio in dire financial straits, we
had put our faith in a simple idea: if we made something that we wanted to see, others would
want to see it, too. for so long, it felt like we had been pushing that rock up the hill, trying to
do the impossible. there were plenty of moments when the future of pixar was in doubt.
now, we were suddenly being held up as an example of what could happen when artists
trusted their guts.
toy story went on to become the top-grossing film of the year and would earn 'MOR million
worldwide. but it wasn't just the numbers that made us proudU money, after all, is just one
measure of a thriving company and usually not the most meaningful one. no, what i found
gratifying was what we'd created. review after review focused on the film's moving plotline
and its rich, three-dimensional characters-only briefly mentioning, almost as an aside, that it
had been made on a computer. while there was much innovation that enabled our work, we
had not let the technology overwhelm our real purpose: making a great film.
on a personal level, toy story represented the fulfillment of a goal i had pursued for more
than two decades and had dreamed about since i was a boy. growing up in the KSOJs, i had
yearned to be a disney animator but had no idea how to go about it. instinctively, i realize
now, i embraced computer graphics-then a new field-as a means of pursuing that dream. if
i couldn't animate by hand, there had to be another way. in graduate school, i'd quietly set a
goal of making the first computer-animated feature film, and i'd worked tirelessly for twenty
years to accomplish it.
now, the goal that had been a driving force in my life had been reached, and there was an
enormous sense of relief and exhilaration-at least at first. in the wake of toy story's release,
we took the company public, raising the kind of money that would ensure our future as an
independent production house, and began work on two new feature-length projects, a bug's
life and toy story L. everything was going our way, and yet i felt adrift. in fulfilling a goal, i
had lost some essential framework. is this really what i want to do? i began asking myself. the
doubts surprised and confused me, and i kept them to myself. i had served as pixar's
president for most of the company's existence. i loved the place and everything that it stood
for. still, i couldn't deny that achieving the goal that had defined my professional life had left
me without one. is this all there is? i wondered. is it time for a new challenge?
it wasn't that i thought pixar had "arrived" or that my work was done. i knew there were
major obstacles in front of us. the company was growing quickly, with lots of shareholders to
please, and we were racing to put two new films into production. there was, in short, plenty
to occupy my working hours. but my internal sense of purpose-the thing that had led me to
sleep on the floor of the computer lab in graduate school just to get more hours on the
mainframe, that kept me awake at night, as a kid, solving puzzles in my head, that fueled my
every workday-had gone missing. i'd spent two decades building a train and laying its track.
now, the thought of merely driving it struck me as a far less interesting task. was making one
film after another enough to engage me? i wondered. what would be my organizing principle now?
it would take a full year for the answer to emerge.
from the start, my professional life seemed destined to have one foot in silicon valley and
the other in hollywood. i first got into the film business in KS:S when, flush from the success
of star wars, george lucas hired me to help him bring high technology into the film industry.
but he wasn't based in los angeles. instead, he'd founded his company, lucasfilm, at the
north end of the san francisco bay. our offices were located in san rafael, about an hour's
drive from palo alto, the heart of silicon valley-a moniker that was just gaining traction
then, as the semiconductor and computer industries took off. that proximity gave me a frontrow seat from which to observe the many emerging hardware and software companies-not
to mention the growing venture capital industry-that, in the course of a few years, would
come to dominate silicon valley from its perch on sand hill road.
i couldn't have arrived at a more dynamic and volatile time. i watched as many startups
burned bright with success-and then flamed out. my mandate at lucasfilm-to merge
moviemaking with technology-meant that i rubbed shoulders with the leaders of places like
sun microsystems and silicon graphics and cray computer, several of whom i came to know
well. i was first and foremost a scientist then, not a manager, so i watched these guys closely,
hoping to learn from the trajectories their companies followed. gradually, a pattern began to
emerge: someone had a creative idea, obtained funding, brought on a lot of smart people,
and developed and sold a product that got a boatload of attention. that initial success begat
more success, luring the best engineers and attracting customers who had interesting and
high-profile problems to solve. as these companies grew, much was written about their
paradigm-shifting approaches, and when their ceos inevitably landed on the cover of fortune
magazine, they were heralded as "titans of the new." i especially remember the confidence.
the leaders of these companies radiated supreme confidence. surely, they could only have
reached this apex by being very, very good.
but then those companies did something stupid-not just stupid-in-retrospect, but obviousat-the-time stupid. i wanted to understand why. what was causing smart people to make
decisions that sent their companies off the rails? i didn't doubt that they believed they were
doing the right thing, but something was blinding them-and keeping them from seeing the
problems that threatened to upend them. as a result, their companies expanded like bubbles,
then burst. what interested me was not that companies rose and fell or that the landscape
continually shifted as technology changed but that the leaders of these companies seemed so
focused on the competition that they never developed any deep introspection about other
destructive forces that were at work.
over the years, as pixar struggled to find its way-first selling hardware, then software,
then making animated short films and advertisements-i asked myself: if pixar is ever
successful, will we do something stupid, too? can paying careful attention to the missteps of
others help us be more alert to our own? or is there something about becoming a leader that
makes you blind to the things that threaten the well-being of your enterprise? clearly,
something was causing a dangerous disconnect at many smart, creative companies. what,
exactly, was a mystery-and one i was determined to figure out.
in the difficult year after toy story's debut, i came to realize that trying to solve this
mystery would be my next challenge. my desire to protect pixar from the forces that ruin so
many businesses gave me renewed focus. i began to see my role as a leader more clearly. i
would devote myself to learning how to build not just a successful company but a sustainable
creative culture. as i turned my attention from solving technical problems to engaging with
the philosophy of sound management, i was excited once again-and sure that our second act
could be as exhilarating as our first.
it has always been my goal to create a culture at pixar that will outlast its founding leaders-steve, john lasseter, and me. but it is also my goal to share our underlying philosophies with
other leaders and, frankly, with anyone who wrestles with the competing-but necessarily
complementary-forces of art and commerce. what you're holding in your hands, then, is an
attempt to put down on paper my best ideas about how we built the culture that is the
bedrock of this place.
this book isn't just for pixar people, entertainment executives, or animators. it is for
anyone who wants to work in an environment that fosters creativity and problem solving. my
belief is that good leadership can help creative people stay on the path to excellence no
matter what business they're in. my aim at pixar-and at disney animation, which my
longtime partner john lasseter and i have also led since the walt disney company acquired
pixar in LJJP-has been to enable our people to do their best work. we start from the
presumption that our people are talented and want to contribute. we accept that, without
meaning to, our company is stifling that talent in myriad unseen ways. finally, we try to
identify those impediments and fix them.
i've spent nearly forty years thinking about how to help smart, ambitious people work
effectively with one another. the way i see it, my job as a manager is to create a fertile
environment, keep it healthy, and watch for the things that undermine it. i believe, to my
core, that everybody has the potential to be creative-whatever form that creativity takes-and that to encourage such development is a noble thing. more interesting to me, though, are
the blocks that get in the way, often without us noticing, and hinder the creativity that
resides within any thriving company.
the thesis of this book is that there are many blocks to creativity, but there are active steps
we can take to protect the creative process. in the coming pages, i will discuss many of the
steps we follow at pixar, but the most compelling mechanisms to me are those that deal with
uncertainty, instability, lack of candor, and the things we cannot see. i believe the best
managers acknowledge and make room for what they do not know-not just because
humility is a virtue but because until one adopts that mindset, the most striking
breakthroughs cannot occur. i believe that managers must loosen the controls, not tighten
them. they must accept riskU they must trust the people they work with and strive to clear the
path for themU and always, they must pay attention to and engage with anything that creates
fear. moreover, successful leaders embrace the reality that their models may be wrong or
incomplete. only when we admit what we don't know can we ever hope to learn it.
this book is organized into four sections-getting started, protecting the new, building
and sustaining, and testing what we know. it is no memoir, but in order to understand the
mistakes we made, the lessons we learned, and the ways we learned from them, it necessarily
delves at times into my own history and that of pixar. i have much to say about enabling
groups to create something meaningful together and then protecting them from the
destructive forces that loom even in the strongest companies. my hope is that by relating my
search for the sources of confusion and delusion within pixar and disney animation, i can
help others avoid the pitfalls that impede and sometimes ruin businesses of all kinds. the key
for me-what has kept me motivated in the nineteen years since toy story debuted-has been
the realization that identifying these destructive forces isn't merely a philosophical exercise.
it is a crucial, central mission. in the wake of our earliest success, pixar needed its leaders to
sit up and pay attention. and that need for vigilance never goes away. this book, then, is
about the ongoing work of paying attention-of leading by being self-aware, as managers and
as companies. it is an expression of the ideas that i believe make the best in us possible.
part i
getting started
chapter K
animated
for thirteen years we had a table in the large conference room at pixar that we call west
one. though it was beautiful, i grew to hate this table. it was long and skinny, like one of
those things you'd see in a comedy sketch about an old wealthy couple that sits down for
dinner-one person at either end, a candelabra in the middle-and has to shout to make
conversation. the table had been chosen by a designer steve jobs liked, and it was elegant,
all right-but it impeded our work.
we'd hold regular meetings about our movies around that table-thirty of us facing off in
two long lines, often with more people seated along the walls-and everyone was so spread
out that it was difficult to communicate. for those unlucky enough to be seated at the far
ends, ideas didn't flow because it was nearly impossible to make eye contact without craning
your neck. moreover, because it was important that the director and producer of the film in
question be able to hear what everyone was saying, they had to be placed at the center of the
table. so did pixar's creative leaders: john lasseter, pixar's creative officer, and me, and a
handful of our most experienced directors, producers, and writers. to ensure that these
people were always seated together, someone began making place cards. we might as well
have been at a formal dinner party.
when it comes to creative inspiration, job titles and hierarchy are meaningless. that's what
i believe. but unwittingly, we were allowing this table-and the resulting place card ritual-to send a different message. the closer you were seated to the middle of the table, it implied,
the more important-the more central-you must be. and the farther away, the less likely
you were to speak up-your distance from the heart of the conversation made participating
feel intrusive. if the table was crowded, as it often was, still more people would sit in chairs
around the edges of the room, creating yet a third tier of participants Bthose at the center of
the table, those at the ends, and those not at the table at all,. without intending to, we'd
created an obstacle that discouraged people from jumping in.
over the course of a decade, we held countless meetings around this table in this way-completely unaware of how doing so undermined our own core principles. why were we
blind to this? because the seating arrangements and place cards were designed for the
convenience of the leaders, including me. sincerely believing that we were in an inclusive
meeting, we saw nothing amiss because we didn't feel excluded. those not sitting at the
center of the table, meanwhile, saw quite clearly how it established a pecking order but
presumed that we-the leaders-had intended that outcome. who were they, then, to
complain?
it wasn't until we happened to have a meeting in a smaller room with a square table that
john and i realized what was wrong. sitting around that table, the interplay was better, the
exchange of ideas more free-flowing, the eye contact automatic. every person there, no
matter their job title, felt free to speak up. this was not only what we wanted, it was a
fundamental pixar belief: unhindered communication was key, no matter what your position.
at our long, skinny table, comfortable in our middle seats, we had utterly failed to recognize
that we were behaving contrary to that basic tenet. over time, we'd fallen into a trap. even
though we were conscious that a room's dynamics are critical to any good discussion, even
though we believed that we were constantly on the lookout for problems, our vantage point
blinded us to what was right before our eyes.
emboldened by this new insight, i went to our facilities department. "please," i said, "i
don't care how you do it, but get that table out of there." i wanted something that could be
arranged into a more intimate square, so people could address each other directly and not
feel like they didn't matter. a few days later, as a critical meeting on an upcoming movie
approached, our new table was installed, solving the problem.
still, interestingly, there were remnants of that problem that did not immediately vanish
just because we'd solved it. for example, the next time i walked into west one, i saw the
brand-new table, arranged-as requested-in a more intimate square that made it possible for
more people to interact at once. but the table was adorned with the same old place cards;
while we'd fixed the key problem that had made place cards seem necessary, the cards
themselves had become a tradition that would continue until we specifically dismantled it.
this wasn't as troubling an issue as the table itself, but it was something we had to address
because cards implied hierarchy, and that was precisely what we were trying to avoid. when
andrew stanton, one of our directors, entered the meeting room that morning, he grabbed
several place cards and began randomly moving them around, narrating as he went. "we
don't need these anymore;" he said in a way that everyone in the room grasped. only then
did we succeed in eliminating this ancillary problem.
this is the nature of management. decisions are made, usually for good reasons, which in
turn prompt other decisions. so when problems arise-and they always do-disentangling
them is not as simple as correcting the original error. often, finding a solution is a multi-step
endeavor. there is the problem you know you are trying to solve-think of that as an oak tree
-and then there are all the other problems-think of these as saplings-that sprouted from
the acorns that fell around it. and these problems remain after you cut the oak tree down.
even after all these years, i'm often surprised to find problems that have existed right in
front of me, in plain sight. for me, the key to solving these problems is finding ways to see
what's working and what isn't, which sounds a lot simpler than it is. pixar today is managed
according to this principle, but in a way i've been searching all my life for better ways of
seeing. it began decades before pixar even existed.
when i was a kid, i used to plunk myself down on the living room floor of my family's
modest salt lake city home a few minutes before : p.m. every sunday and wait for walt
disney. specifically, i'd wait for him to appear on our black-and-white rca with its tiny KL-
inch screen. even from a dozen feet away-the accepted wisdom at the time was that viewers
should put one foot between them and the tv for every inch of screen-i was transfixed by
what i saw.
each week, walt disney himself opened the broadcast of the wonderful world of disney.
standing before me in suit and tie, like a kindly neighbor, he would demystify the disney
magic. he'd explain the use of synchronized sound in steamboat willie or talk about the
importance of music in fantasia. he always went out of his way to give credit to his
forebears, the men-and, at this point, they were all men-who'd done the pioneering work
upon which he was building his empire. he'd introduce the television audience to trailblazers
such as max fleischer, of koko the clown and betty boop fame, and winsor mccay, who
made gertie the dinosaur-the first animated film to feature a character that expressed
emotion-in KSKN. he'd gather a group of his animators, colorists, and storyboard artists to
explain how they made mickey mouse and donald duck come to life. each week, disney
created a made-up world, used cutting-edge technology to enable it, and then told us how
he'd done it.
walt disney was one of my two boyhood idols. the other was albert einstein. to me, even
at a young age, they represented the two poles of creativity. disney was all about inventing
the new. he brought things into being-both artistically and technologically-that did not
exist before. einstein, by contrast, was a master of explaining that which already was. i read
every einstein biography i could get my hands on as well as a little book he wrote on his
theory of relativity. i loved how the concepts he developed forced people to change their
approach to physics and matter, to view the universe from a different perspective. wildhaired and iconic, einstein dared to bend the implications of what we thought we knew. he
solved the biggest puzzles of all and, in doing so, changed our understanding of reality.
both einstein and disney inspired me, but disney affected me more because of his weekly
visits to my family's living room. "when you wish upon a star, makes no difference who you
are," his tv show's theme song would announce as a baritone-voiced narrator promised:
"each week, as you enter this timeless land, one of these many worlds will open to you. "
then the narrator would tick them off: frontierland B"tall tales and true from the legendary
past",, tomorrowland B"the promise of things to come",, adventureland B"the wonder world
of nature's own realm",, and fantasyland B"the happiest kingdom of them all",. i loved the
idea that animation could take me places i'd never been. but the land i most wanted to learn
about was the one occupied by the innovators at disney who made these animated films.
between KSOJ and KSOO, disney made three movies we consider classics today: cinderella,
peter pan, and lady and the tramp. more than half a century later, we all remember the glass
slipper, the island of lost boys, and that scene where the cocker spaniel and the mutt slurp
spaghetti. but few grasp how technically sophisticated these movies were. disney's animators
were at the forefront of applied technologyU instead of merely using existing methods, they
were inventing ones of their own. they had to develop the tools to perfect sound and color,
to use blue screen matting and multi-plane cameras and xerography. every time some
technological breakthrough occurred, walt disney incorporated it and then talked about it on
his show in a way that highlighted the relationship between technology and art. i was too
young to realize such a synergy was groundbreaking. to me, it just made sense that they
belonged together.
watching disney one sunday evening in april of KSOP, i experienced something that would
define my professional life. what exactly it was is difficult to describe except to say that i felt
something fall into place inside my head. that night's episode was called "where do the
stories come from?" and disney kicked it off by praising his animators' knack for turning
everyday occurrences into cartoons. that night, though, it wasn't disney's explanation that
pulled me in but what was happening on the screen as he spoke. an artist was drawing
donald duck, giving him a jaunty costume and a bouquet of flowers and a box of candy with
which to woo daisy. then, as the artist's pencil moved around the page, donald came to life,
putting up his dukes to square off with the pencil lead, then raising his chin to allow the artist
to give him a bow tie.
the definition of superb animation is that each character on the screen makes you believe
it is a thinking being. whether it's a t-rex or a slinky dog or a desk lamp, if viewers sense not
just movement but intention-or, put another way, emotion-then the animator has done his
or her job. it's not just lines on paper anymoreU it's a living, feeling entity. this is what i
experienced that night, for the first time, as i watched donald leap off the page. the
transformation from a static line drawing to a fully dimensional, animated image was sleight
of hand, nothing more, but the mystery of how it was done-not just the technical process
but the way the art was imbued with such emotion-was the most interesting problem i'd
ever considered. i wanted to climb through the tv screen and be part of this world.
the mid-KSOJs and early KSPJs were, of course, a time of great prosperity and industry in the
united states. growing up in utah in a tight-knit mormon community, my four younger
brothers and sisters and i felt that anything was possible. because the adults we knew had all
lived through the depression, world war ii, and then the korean war, this period felt to them
like the calm after a thunderstorm.
i remember the optimistic energy-an eagerness to move forward that was enabled and
supported by a wealth of emerging technologies. it was boom time in america, with
manufacturing and home construction at an all-time high. banks were offering loans and
credit, which meant more and more people could own a new tv, house, or cadillac. there
were amazing new appliances like disposals that ate your garbage and machines that washed
your dishes, although i certainly did my share of cleaning them by hand. the first organ
transplants were performed in KSONU the first polio vaccine came a year laterU in KSOP, the
term artificial intelligence entered the lexicon. the future, it seemed, was already here.
then, when i was twelve, the soviets launched the first artificial satellite-sputnik K-into
earth's orbit. this was huge news, not just in the scientific and political realms but in my
sixth grade classroom at school, where the morning routine was interrupted by a visit fromthe principal, whose grim expression told us that our lives had changed forever. since we'd
been taught that the communists were the enemy and that nuclear war could be waged at the
touch of a button, the fact that they'd beaten us into space seemed pretty scary-proof that
they had the upper hand.
the united states government's response to being bested was to create something called
arpa, or the advanced research projects agency. though it was housed within the defense
department, its mission was ostensibly peaceful: to support scientific researchers in america's
universities in the hopes of preventing what it termed "technological surprise." by sponsoring
our best minds, the architects of arpa believed, we'd come up with better answers. looking
back, i still admire that enlightened reaction to a serious threat: we'll just have to get
smarter. arpa would have a profound effect on america, leading directly to the computer
revolution and the internet, among countless other innovations. there was a sense that big
things were happening in america, with much more to come. life was full of possibility.
still, while my family was middle-class, our outlook was shaped by my father's upbringing.
not that he talked about it much. earl catmull, the son of an idaho dirt farmer, was one of
fourteen kids, five of whom had died as infants. his mother, raised by mormon pioneers who
made a meager living panning for gold in the snake river in idaho, didn't attend school until
she was eleven. my father was the first in his family ever to go to college, paying his own
way by working several jobs. during my childhood, he taught math during the school year
and built houses during the summers. he built our house from the ground up. while he never
explicitly said that education was paramount, my siblings and i all knew we were expected to
study hard and go to college.
i was a quiet, focused student in high school. an art teacher once told my parents i would
often become so lost in my work that i wouldn't hear the bell ring at the end of classU i'd be
sitting there, at my desk, staring at an object-a vase, say, or a chair. something about the act
of committing that object to paper was completely engrossing-the way it necessitated seeing
only what was there and shutting out the distraction of my ideas about chairs or vases and
what they were supposed to look like. at home, i sent away for jon gnagy's learn to draw art
kits-which were advertised in the back of comic books-and the KSNR classic animation,
written and drawn by preston blair, the animator of the dancing hippos in disney's fantasia. i
bought a platen-the flat metal plate artists use to press paper against ink-and even built a
plywood animation stand with a light under it. i made flipbooks-one was of a man whose
legs turned into a unicycle-while nursing my first crush, tinker bell, who had won my heart
in peter pan.
nevertheless, it soon became clear to me that i would never be talented enough to join
disney animation's vaunted ranks. what's more, i had no idea how one actually became an
animator. there was no school for it that i knew of. as i finished high school, i realized i had
a far better understanding of how one became a scientist. the route seemed easier to discern.
throughout my life, people have always smiled when i told them i switched from art to
physics because it seems, to them, like such an incongruous leap. but my decision to pursue
physics, and not art, would lead me, indirectly, to my true calling.
four years later, in KSPS, i graduated from the university of utah with two degrees, one in
physics and the other in the emerging field of computer science. applying to graduate school,
my intention was to learn how to design computer languages. but soon after i matriculated,
also at the u of u, i met a man who would encourage me to change course: one of the
pioneers of interactive computer graphics, ivan sutherland.
the field of computer graphics-in essence, the making of digital pictures out of numbers,
or data, that can be manipulated by a machine-was in its infancy then, but professor
sutherland was already a legend. early in his career, he had devised something called
sketchpad, an ingenious computer program that allowed figures to be drawn, copied, moved,
rotated, or resized, all while retaining their basic properties. in KSPR, he'd co-created what is
widely believed to be the first virtual reality head-mounted display system. Bthe device was
named the sword of damocles, after the greek myth, because it was so heavy that in order to
be worn by the person using it, it had to be suspended from a mechanical arm bolted to the
ceiling., sutherland and dave evans, who was chair of the university's computer science
department, were magnets for bright students with diverse interests, and they led us with a
light touch. basically, they welcomed us to the program, gave us workspace and access to
computers, and then let us pursue whatever turned us on. the result was a collaborative,
supportive community so inspiring that i would later seek to replicate it at pixar.
one of my classmates, jim clark, would go on to found silicon graphics and netscape.
another, john warnock, would co-found adobe, known for photoshop and the pdf file
format, among other things. still another, alan kay, would lead on a number of fronts, from
object-oriented programming to "windowing" graphical user interfaces. in many respects, my
fellow students were the most inspirational part of my university experienceU this collegial,
collaborative atmosphere was vital not just to my enjoyment of the program but also to the
quality of the work that i did.
this tension between the individual's personal creative contribution and the leverage of the
group is a dynamic that exists in all creative environments, but this would be my first taste of
it. on one end of the spectrum, i noticed, we had the genius who seemed to do amazing work
on his or her ownU on the other end, we had the group that excelled precisely because of its
multiplicity of views. how, then, should we balance these two extremes, i wondered. i didn't
yet have a good mental model that would help me answer that, but i was developing a fierce
desire to find one.
much of the research being done at the u of u's computer science department was funded
by arpa. as i've said, arpa had been created in response to sputnik, and one of its key
organizing principles was that collaboration could lead to excellence. in fact, one of arpa's
proudest achievements was linking universities with something they called "arpanet,"
which would eventually evolve into the internet. the first four nodes on the arpanet were
at the stanford research institute, ucla, uc santa barbara, and the u of u, so i had a
ringside seat from which to observe this grand experiment, and what i saw influenced me
profoundly. arpa's mandate-to support smart people in a variety of areas-was carried out
based on the unwavering presumption that researchers would try to do the right thing and, in
arpa's view, overmanaging them was counterproductive. arpa's administrators did not
hover over the shoulders of those of us working on the projects they funded, nor did they
demand that our work have direct military applications. they simply trusted us to innovate.
this kind of trust gave me the freedom to tackle all sorts of complex problems, and i did so
with gusto. not only did i often sleep on the floor of the computer rooms to maximize time on
the computer, but so did many of my fellow graduate students. we were young, driven by the
sense that we were inventing the field from scratch-and that was exciting beyond words. for
the first time, i saw a way to simultaneously create art and develop a technical understanding
of how to create a new kind of imagery. making pictures with a computer spoke to both sides
of my brain. to be sure, the pictures that could be rendered on a computer were very crude
in KSPS, but the act of inventing new algorithms and seeing better pictures as a result was
thrilling to me. in its own way, my childhood dream was reasserting itself.
at the age of twenty-six, i set a new goal: to develop a way to animate, not with a pencil
but with a computer, and to make the images compelling and beautiful enough to use in the
movies. perhaps, i thought, i could become an animator after all.
in the spring of KS:L, i spent ten weeks making my first short animated film-a digitized
model of my left hand. my process combined old and newU again, like everyone in this fastchanging field, i was helping to invent the language. first i plunged my hand into a tub of
plaster of paris Bforgetting, unfortunately, to coat it in vaseline first, which meant i had to
yank out every tiny hair on the back of my hand to get it free,U then, once i had the mold, i
filled it with more plaster to make a model of my handU then, i took that model and covered it
with MOJ tiny interlocking triangles and polygons to create what looked like a net of black
lines on its "skin." you may not think that a curved surface could be built out of such flat,
angular elements, but when you make them small enough, you can get pretty close.
i'd chosen this project because i was interested in rendering complex objects and curved
surfaces-and i was looking for a challenge. at that time, computers weren't great at showing
flat objects, let alone curved ones. the mathematics of curved surfaces was not well
developed, and computers had limited memory capability. at the u of u's computer graphics
department, where every one of us yearned to make computer-generated images look as if
they were photographs of real objects, we had three driving goals: speed, realism, and the
ability to depict curved surfaces. my film sought to address the latter two.
the human hand doesn't have a single flat plane. and unlike a simpler curved surface-a
ball, for example-it has many parts that act in opposition to one another, with a seemingly
infinite number of resulting movements. the hand is an incredibly complex "object" to try to
capture and translate into arrays of numbers. given that most computer animation at the time
consisted of rendering simple polygonal objects Bcubes, pyramids,, i had my work cut out for
me.
once i had drawn the triangles and polygons on my model, i measured the coordinates of
each of their corners, then entered that data into a Md animation program i'd written. that
enabled me to display the many triangles and polygons that made up my virtual hand on a
monitor. in its first incarnation, sharp edges could be seen at the seams where the polygons
joined together. but later, thanks to "smooth shading"-a technique, developed by another
graduate student, that diminished the appearance of those edges-the hand became more
lifelike. the real challenge, though, was making it move.
hand, which debuted at a computer science conference in KS:M, caused a bit of a stir
because no one had ever seen anything like it before. in it, my hand, which appears at first to
be covered in a white net of polygons, begins to open and close, as if trying to make a fist.
then my hand's surface becomes smoother, more like the real thing. there is a moment when
my hand points directly at the viewer as if to say, "yes, i'm talking to you." then, the camera
goes inside the hand and takes a look around, aiming its lens inside the palm and up into each
finger, a tricky bit of perspective that i liked because it could be depicted only via computer.
those four minutes of film had taken me more than sixty thousand minutes to complete.
together with a digitized film that my friend fred parke made of his wife's face around the
same time, hand represented the state-of-the-art in computer animation for years after it was
made. snippets of both fred's and my films would be featured in the KS:P movie futureworld,
which-though mostly forgotten by moviegoers today-is still remembered by aficionados as
the first full-length feature to use computer-generated animation.
professor sutherland used to say that he loved his graduate students at utah because we
didn't know what was impossible. neither, apparently, did he: he was among the first to
believe that hollywood movie execs would care a fig about what was happening in academia.
to that end, he sought to create a formal exchange program with disney, wherein the studio
would send one of its animators to utah to learn about new technologies in computer
rendering, and the university would send a student to disney animation to learn more about
how to tell stories.
in the spring of KS:M, he sent me to burbank to try to sell this idea to the disney
executives. it was a thrill for me to drive through the red brick gates and onto the disney lot
on my way to the original animation building, built in KSNJ with a "double h" floor plan
personally supervised by walt himself to ensure that as many rooms as possible had windows
to let in natural light. while i'd studied this place-or what i could glimpse of it on our KL-
inch rca-walking into it was a little like stepping into the parthenon for the first time.
there, i met frank thomas and ollie johnston, two of walt's "nine old men," the group of
legendary animators who had created so many of the characters in the disney movies i loved,
from pinocchio to peter pan. at one point i was taken into the archives where all the original
paper drawings from all the animated films were kept, with rack after rack after rack of the
images that had fueled my imagination. i'd entered the promised land.
one thing was immediately clear. the people i met at disney-one of whom, i swear, was
named donald duckwall-had zero interest in sutherland's exchange program. the
technically adventuresome walt disney was long gone. my enthusiastic descriptions were met
with blank stares. to them, computers and animation simply didn't mix. how did they know
this? because the one time they had turned to computers for help-to render images of
millions of bubbles in their KS:K live-action movie bedknobs and broomsticks-the computers
had apparently let them down. the state of the technology at the time was so poor,
particularly for curved images, that bubbles were beyond the computers' reach.
unfortunately, this didn't help my cause. "well," more than one disney executive told me
that day, "until computer animation can do bubbles, then it will not have arrived."
instead, they tried to tempt me into taking a job with what is now called disney
imagineering, the division that designs the theme parks. it may sound odd, given how large
walt disney had always loomed in my life, but i turned the offer down without hesitation.
the theme park job felt like a diversion that would lead me down a path i didn't want to be
on. i didn't want to design rides for a living. i wanted to animate with a computer.
just as walt disney and the pioneers of hand-drawn animation had done decades before,
those of us who sought to make pictures with computers were trying to create something
new. when one of my colleagues at the u of u invented something, the rest of us would
immediately piggyback on it, pushing that new idea forward. there were setbacks, too, of
course. but the overriding feeling was one of progress, of moving steadily toward a distant
goal.
long before i'd heard about disney's bubble problem, what kept me and many of my fellow
graduate students up at night was the need to continue to hone our methods for creating
smoothly curved surfaces with the computer-as well as to figure out how to add richness
and complexity to the images we were creating. my dissertation, "a subdivision algorithmfor computer display of curved surfaces," offered a solution to that problem.
much of what i spent every waking moment thinking about then was extremely technical
and difficult to explain, but i'll give it a try. the idea behind what i called "subdivision
surfaces" was that instead of setting out to depict the whole surface of a shiny, red bottle, for
example, we could divide that surface into many smaller pieces. it was easier to figure out
how to color and display each tiny piece-which we could then put together to create our
shiny, red bottle. Bas i've noted, computer memory capacity was quite small in those days, so
we put a lot of energy into developing tricks to overcome that limitation. this was one of
those tricks., but what if you wanted that shiny, red bottle to be zebra-striped? in my
dissertation, i figured out a way that i could take a zebra-print or woodgrain pattern, say, and
wrap it around any object.
"texture mapping," as i called it, was like having stretchable wrapping paper that you
could apply to a curved surface so that it fit snugly. the first texture map i made involved
projecting an image of mickey mouse onto an undulating surface.
i also used winnie the pooh and tigger to illustrate my points. i may not have been ready
to work at disney, but their characters were still the touchstones i referenced.
at the u of u, we were inventing a new language. one of us would contribute a verb,
another a noun, then a third person would figure out ways to string the elements together to
actually say something. my invention of something called the "z-buffer" was a good example
of this, in that it built on others' work. the z-buffer was designed to address the problem of
what happens when one computer-animated object is hidden, or partially hidden, behind
another one. even though the data that describes every aspect of the hidden object is in the
computer's memory Bmeaning that you could see it, if need be,, the desired spatial
relationships mean that it should not be fully seen. the challenge was to figure out a way to
tell the computer to meet that goal. for example, if a sphere were in front of a cube, partially
blocking it, the sphere's surface should be visible on the screen, as should the parts of the
cube that are not blocked by the sphere. the z-buffer accomplished that by assigning a depth
to every object in three-dimensional space, then telling the computer to match each of the
screen's pixels to whatever object was the closest. computer memory was so limited-as i've
said-that this wasn't a practical solution, but i had found a new way of solving the problem.
although it sounds simple, it is anything but. today, there is a z-buffer in every game and pc
chip manufactured on earth.
after receiving my ph.d. in KS:N, i left utah with a nice little list of innovations under my
belt, but i was keenly aware that i'd only done all this in the service of a larger mutual goal.
like my classmates, the work i'd championed had taken hold largely because of the
protective, eclectic, intensely challenging environment i'd been in. the leaders of my
department understood that to create a fertile laboratory, they had to assemble different
kinds of thinkers and then encourage their autonomy. they had to offer feedback when
needed but also had to be willing to stand back and give us room. i felt instinctively that this
kind of environment was rare and worth reaching for. i knew that the most valuable thing i
was taking away from the u of u was the model my teachers had provided for how to lead
and inspire other creative thinkers. the question for me, then, was how to get myself into
another environment like this-or how to build one of my own.
i walked away from utah with a clearer sense of my goal, and i was prepared to devote my
life to it: making the first computer-animated film. but getting to that point would not be
easy. there were, i guessed, at least another ten years of development needed to figure out
how to model and animate characters and render them in complex environments before we
could even begin to conceive of making a short-let alone a feature-film. i also didn't yet
know that my self-assigned mission was about much more than technology. to pull it off,
we'd have to be creative not only technically but also in the ways that we worked together.
back then, no other company or university shared my goal of making a computer-generated
filmU in fact, each time i expressed that goal in job interviews at universities, it seemed to cast
a pall over the room. "but we want you to teach computer science," my interviewers would
say. what i was proposing to do looked, to most academics, like a pipe dream, an expensive
fantasy.
then, in november KS:N, i received a mysterious call from a woman who said she worked
at something called the new york institute of technology. she said she was the secretary to
the institute's president, and she was calling to book my airplane ticket. i didn't know what
she was talking about, and i told her so. what was the name of the institute again? i asked.
why did she want me to fly to new york? there was an awkward silence. "i'm sorry," she
said. "someone else was supposed to call you before i did."
and with that, she hung up. the next phone call i received would change my life.
chapter L
pixar is born
what does it mean to manage well?
as a young man, i certainly had no idea, but i was about to begin figuring it out by taking a
series of jobs-working for three iconoclastic men with very different styles-that would
provide me with a crash course in leadership. in the next decade, i would learn much about
what managers should and shouldn't do, about vision and delusion, about confidence and
arrogance, about what encourages creativity and what snuffs it out. as i gained experience, i
was asking questions that intrigued me even as they confused me. even now, forty years later,
i've never stopped questioning.
i want to start with my first boss, alex schure-the man whose secretary called me out of
the blue that day in KS:N to book me an airplane ticket and then, realizing her mistake,
slammed down the receiver. when the phone rang again, a few minutes later, an unfamiliar
voice-this time, a man who said he worked for alex-filled me in: alex was starting a
research lab on long island's north shore whose mission was to bring computers into the
animation process. money was not a problem, he assured me-alex was a multimillionaire.
what they needed was someone to run the place. was i interested in talking?
within weeks i was moving into my new office at the new york institute of technology.
alex, a former college chancellor, had zero expertise in the field of computer science. at
the time, that wasn't unusual, but alex himself certainly was. he navely thought that
computers would soon replace people, and leading that charge was what excited him. Bwe
knew this was a misconception, if a common one at that point, but we were grateful for his
eagerness to fund our work., he had a bizarre way of speaking that mixed bluster, non
sequiturs, and even snippets of rhyming verse into a sort of mad hatterish patois-or "word
salad," as one of my colleagues called it. B"our vision will speed up time," he would say,
"eventually deleting it.", those of us who worked with him often had trouble understanding
what he meant. alex had a secret ambition-well, not so secret. he said almost every day that
he didn't want to be the next walt disney, which only made us all think that he did. when i
arrived, he was in the process of directing a hand-drawn animated movie called tubby the
tuba. really, the thing never had a chance-no one at nyit had the training or the story
sensibility to make a film, and when it was finally released, it vanished without a trace.
deluded though he may have been about his own skills, alex was a visionary. he was
incredibly prescient about the role computers would someday play in animation, and he was
willing to spend a lot of his own money to push that vision forward. his unwavering
commitment to what many labeled a pipe dream-the melding of technology and this handdrawn art form-enabled much groundbreaking work to be done.
once alex brought me in, he left it to me to assemble a team. i have to give that to him: he
had total confidence in the people he hired. this was something i admired and, later, sought
to do myself. one of the first people i interviewed was alvy ray smith, a charismatic texan
with a ph.d. in computer science and a sparkling resume that included teaching stints at new
york university and uc berkeley and a gig at xerox parc, the distinguished r@d lab in palo
alto. i had conflicting feelings when i met alvy because, frankly, he seemed more qualified to
lead the lab than i was. i can still remember the uneasiness in my gut, that instinctual twinge
spurred by a potential threat: this, i thought, could be the guy who takes my job one day. i
hired him anyway.
some might have seen hiring alvy as a confident move. the truth is, as a twenty-nine-yearold who'd been focused on research for four years and had never had an assistant, let alone
hired and managed a staff, i was feeling anything but confident. i could see, however, that
nyit was a place where i could explore what i'd set out to do as a graduate student. to
ensure that it succeeded, i needed to attract the sharpest mindsU to attract the sharpest minds,
i needed to put my own insecurities away. the lesson of arpa had lodged in my brain: when
faced with a challenge, get smarter.
so we did. alvy would become one of my closest friends and most trusted collaborators.
and ever since, i've made a policy of trying to hire people who are smarter than i am. the
obvious payoffs of exceptional people are that they innovate, excel, and generally make your
company-and, by extension, you-look good. but there is another, less obvious, payoff that
only occurred to me in retrospect. the act of hiring alvy changed me as a manager: by
ignoring my fear, i learned that the fear was groundless. over the years, i have met people
who took what seemed the safer path and were the lesser for it. by hiring alvy, i had taken a
risk, and that risk yielded the highest reward-a brilliant, committed teammate. i had
wondered in graduate school how i could ever replicate the singular environment of the u of
u. now, suddenly, i saw the way. always take a chance on better, even if it seems
threatening.
at nyit, we focused on a single goal: pushing the boundaries of what computers could do
in animation and graphics. and as word of our mission spread, we began to attract the top
people in the field. the bigger my staff became, the more urgent it was that i figure out how
to manage them. i created a flat organizational structure, much like i'd experienced in
academia, largely because i navely thought that if i put together a hierarchical structure-assigning a bunch of managers to report to me-i would have to spend too much time
managing and not enough time on my own work. this structure-in which i entrusted
everybody to drive their own projects forward, at their own pace-had its limits, but the fact
is, giving a ton of freedom to highly self-motivated people enabled us to make some
significant technological leaps in a short time. together, we did groundbreaking work, much
of which was aimed at figuring out how to integrate the computer with hand-drawn
animation.
in KS::, for example, i wrote a Ld animation program called tween, which performed
what's known as "automatic in-betweening"-filling in frames of motion between key shots,
an otherwise expensive and labor-intensive process. another technical challenge that
occupied us was the need for something called "motion blur." with animation in general and
computer animation in particular, the images created are in perfect focus. that may sound
like a good thing, but in fact, human beings react negatively to it. when moving objects are
in perfect focus, theatergoers experience an unpleasant, strobe-like sensation, which they
describe as "jerky." when watching live-action movies, we don't perceive this problem
because traditional film cameras capture a slight blur in the direction an object is moving.
the blur keeps our brains from noticing the sharp edges, and our brains regard this blur as
natural. without motion blur, our brains think something is wrong. so the question for us was
how to simulate the blur for animation. if the human eye couldn't accept computer
animation, the field would have no future.
among the handful of companies that were trying to solve these problems, most embraced
a culture of strictly enforced, even cia-like secrecy. we were in a race, after all, to be the first
to make a computer-animated feature film, so many who were pursuing this technology held
their discoveries close to their vests. after talking about it, however, alvy and i decided to do
the opposite-to share our work with the outside world. my view was that we were all so far
from achieving our goal that to hoard ideas only impeded our ability to get to the finish line.
instead, nyit engaged with the computer graphics community, publishing everything we
discovered, participating in committees to review papers written by all manner of
researchers, and taking active roles at all the major academic conferences. the benefit of this
transparency was not immediately felt Band, notably, when we decided upon it, we weren't
even counting on a payoffU it just seemed like the right thing to do,. but the relationships and
connections we formed, over time, proved far more valuable than we could have imagined,
fueling our technical innovation and our understanding of creativity in general.
for all the good work we were doing, however, i found myself in a quandary at nyit.
thanks to alex, we were fortunate to have the funds to buy the equipment and hire the
people necessary to innovate in the world of computer animation, but we didn't have anyone
who knew anything about filmmaking. as we developed the ability to tell a story with a
computer, we still didn't have storytellers among us, and we were the poorer for it. so aware
were alvy and i of this limitation that we began making quiet overtures to disney and other
studios, trying to gauge their interest in investing in our tools. if we found an interested
suitor, alvy and i were prepared to leave nyit and move our team to los angeles to partner
with proven filmmakers and storytellers. but it was not to be. one by one, they demurred. it's
hard to imagine now, but in KS:P, the idea of incorporating high technology into hollywood
filmmaking wasn't just a low priorityU it wasn't even on the radar. but one man was about to
change that, with a movie called star wars.
on may LO, KS::, star wars opened in theaters across america. the film's mastery of visual
effects-and its record-shattering popularity at the box office-would change the industry
forever. and thirty-two-year-old writer-director george lucas was only getting started. his
company, lucasfilm, and its ascendant industrial light @ magic studio had already taken the
lead developing new tools in visual effects and sound design. now, while no one else in the
movie industry evinced even the slightest desire to invest in such things, george resolved in
july KS:S to launch a computer division. thanks to luke skywalker, he had the resources to
do it right.
to run this division, he wanted someone who not only knew computersU he wanted
someone who loved film and believed that the two could not only coexist but enhance one
another. eventually, that led george to me. one of his key people, richard edlund, who was a
pioneer of special effects, came to see me one afternoon in my office at nyit wearing a belt
with an enormous buckle that read, in huge letters, "star wars." this was worrisome, given
that i was trying to keep his visit a secret from alex schure. somehow, though, alex didn't
catch on. george's emissary was apparently pleased with what i showed him, because a few
weeks after he left, i was on my way to lucasfilm in california for a formal interview.
my first meeting there was with a man named bob gindy, who ran george's personal
construction projects-not exactly the qualifications you'd expect for a guy spearheading the
search for a new computer executive. the first thing he asked me was, "who else should
lucasfilm be considering for this job?" meaning, the job i was there to interview for. without
hesitation, i rattled off the names of several people who were doing impressive work in a
variety of technical areas. my willingness to do this reflected my world-view, forged in
academia, that any hard problem should have many good minds simultaneously trying to
solve it. not to acknowledge that seemed silly. only later would i learn that the guys at
lucasfilm had already interviewed all the people i listed and had asked them, in turn, to
make similar recommendations-and not one of them had suggested any other names; to be
sure, working for george lucas was a plum job that you'd have to be crazy not to want. but
to go mute, as my rivals did, when asked to evaluate the field signaled not just intense
competitiveness but also lack of confidence. soon i'd landed an interview with george
himself.
on my way to meet him, i remember feeling nervous in a way i rarely had before. even
before star wars, george had proved himself as a successful writer-director-producer with
american graffiti. i was a computer guy with an expensive dream. still, when i arrived at the
shooting stage in los angeles where he was working, he and i seemed pretty similar: skinny
and bearded, in our early thirties, we both wore glasses, worked with a blinders-on intensity,
and had a tendency to talk only when we had something to say. but what struck me
immediately was george's relentless practicality. he wasn't some hobbyist trying to bring
technology into filmmaking for the heck of it. his interest in computers began and ended with
their potential to add value to the filmmaking process-be it through digital optical printing,
digital audio, digital non-linear editing, or computer graphics. i was certain that they could,
and i told him so.
in the intervening years, george has said that he hired me because of my honesty, my
"clarity of vision," and my steadfast belief in what computers could do. not long after we
met, he offered me the job.
by the time i moved into the two-story building in san anselmo that would serve as the
temporary headquarters of lucasfilm's new computer division, i had given myself an
assignment: to rethink how i managed people. what george wanted to create was a far more
ambitious enterprise than the one i oversaw at nyit, with a higher profile, a bigger budget,
and, given his ambitions in hollywood, the promise of much greater impact. i wanted to
make sure that i was enabling my team to make the most of that. at nyit, i'd created a flat
structure much like i'd seen at the u of u, giving my colleagues a lot of running room and
little oversight, and i'd been relatively pleased with the results. but now i had to admit that
our team there behaved a lot like a collection of grad students-independent thinkers with
individual projects-rather than a team with a common goal. a research lab is not a
university, and the structure didn't scale well. at lucasfilm, then, i decided to hire managers
to run the graphics, video, and audio groupsU they would then report to me. i knew i had to
put some sort of hierarchy in place, but i also worried that hierarchy would lead to problems.
so i edged in slowly, feeling suspicious of it at first, yet knowing that some part of it was
necessary.
the bay area in KS:S could not have provided a more fertile environment for our work. in
silicon valley, the number of computer companies was growing so fast that no one's rolodex
Byes, we had rolodexes back then, was ever up to date. also growing exponentially were the
number of tasks that computers were being assigned to tackle. not long after i got to
california, microsoft's bill gates agreed to create an operating system for the new ibmpersonal computer-which would, of course, go on to transform the way americans worked.
one year later, atari released the first in-home game console, meaning that its popular arcade
games like space invaders and pac-man could be played in living rooms across america,
opening up a market that now accounts for more than 'PO billion in global sales.
to get a sense of how quickly things were changing, consider that when i was a graduate
student, in KS:J, we'd used huge computers made by ibm and seven other mainframe
companies Ba group that was nicknamed "ibm and the seven dwarves",. picture a room filled
with racks and racks of equipment measuring six feet tall, two feet wide, and MJ inches deep.
five years later, when i arrived at nyit, the minicomputer-which was about the size of an
armoire-was on the rise, with digital equipment in massachusetts being the most significant
player. by the time i got to lucasfilm in KS:S, the momentum was swinging to workstation
computers such as those made by silicon valley upstarts sun microsystems and silicon
graphics, as well as ibm, but by that time, everyone could see that workstations were only
another stop on the way to pcs and, eventually, personal desktop computers. the swiftness of
this evolution created seemingly endless opportunities for those who were willing and able to
innovate. the allure of getting rich was a magnet for bright, ambitious people, and the
resulting competition was intense-as were the risks. the old business models were
undergoing continual disruptive change.
lucasfilm was based in marin county, one hour north of silicon valley by car and one hour
from hollywood by plane. this was no accident. george saw himself, first and foremost, as a
filmmaker, so silicon valley wasn't for him. but he also had no desire to be too close to los
angeles, because he thought there was something a bit unseemly and inbred about it. thus,
he created his own island, a community that embraced films and computers but pledged
allegiance to neither of the prevailing cultures that defined those businesses. the resulting
environment felt as protected as an academic institution-an idea that would stay with me
and help shape what i would later try to build at pixar. experimentation was highly valued,
but the urgency of a for-profit enterprise was definitely in the air. in other words, we felt like
we were solving problems for a reason.
i put alvy in charge of our graphics group, which was dedicated initially to creating a
digital approach to blue-screen matting-the process by which one image Bsay, a man on a
surfboard, can be dropped into a separate image Bsay, a KJJ-foot wave,. before digital, this
effect was accomplished on film with the use of sophisticated optical devices, and the special
effects wizards at the time had no interest in leaving that painstaking method behind. our job
was to convince them otherwise. alvy's team set out to design a highly specialized standalone
computer that had the resolution and processing power to scan film, combine special-effects
images with live-action footage, and then record the final result back onto film. it took us
roughly four years, but our engineers built just such a device, which we named the pixar
image computer.
why "pixar"? the name emerged from a back-and-forth between alvy and another of our
colleagues, loren carpenter. alvy, who spent much of his childhood in texas and new
mexico, had a fondness for the spanish language, and he was intrigued by how certain nouns
in english looked like spanish verbs-words like "laser," for example. so alvy lobbied for
"pixer," which he imagined to be a Bfake, spanish verb meaning "to make pictures." loren
countered with "radar," which he thought sounded more high-tech. that's when it hit them:
pixer . radar W pixar; it stuck.
within lucasfilm, the special effects experts were relatively indifferent to our computer
graphics technology. their film editor colleagues, however, were outright opposed. this was
driven home when, at george's request, we developed a video-editing system that would
enable editors to do their work on the computer. george envisioned a program that would
allow shots to be banked and filed easily and cuts to be made far more quickly than they
were on film. ralph guggenheim, a computer programmer Bwith a degree in filmmaking from
carnegie mellon as well, i'd lured away from nyit, took the lead on this project, which was
so ahead of its time that the hardware needed to support it didn't even exist yet. Bin order to
approximate it, ralph had to mock up an elaborate makeshift system using laser disks,. but as
challenging as that problem proved to be, it paled in comparison to the bigger, and eternal,
impediment to our progress: the human resistance to change.
while george wanted this new video-editing system in place, the film editors at lucasfilm
did not. they were perfectly happy with the system they had already mastered, which
involved actually cutting film into snippets with razor blades and then pasting them back
together. they couldn't have been less interested in making changes that would slow themdown in the short term. they took comfort in their familiar ways, and change meant being
uncomfortable. so when it came time to test our work, the editors refused to participate. our
certainty that video editing would revolutionize the process didn't matter, and neither did
george's backing. because the people our new system was intended to serve were resistant to
it, progress screeched to a halt.
what to do?
if left up to the editors, no new tool would ever be designed and no improvements would
be possible. they saw no advantage to change and couldn't imagine how using a computer
would make their work easier or better. but if we designed the new system in a vacuum,
moving ahead without the editors' input, we would end up with a tool that didn't address
their needs. being confident about the value of our innovation was not enough. we needed
buy-in from the community we were trying to serve. without it, we were forced to abandon
our plans.
clearly, it wasn't enough for managers to have good ideas-they had to be able to
engender support for those ideas among the people who'd be charged with employing them. i
took that lesson to heart.
during the lucasfilm years, i definitely had my periods of feeling overwhelmed as a
manager, periods when i wondered about my own abilities and asked myself if i should try to
adopt a more forceful, alpha male management style. i'd put my version of hierarchy in place
by delegating to other managers, but i was also part of a chain of command in the greater
lucasfilm empire. i remember going home at night, exhausted, feeling like i was balancing on
the backs of a herd of horses-only some of the horses were thoroughbreds, some were
completely wild, and some were ponies who were struggling to keep up. i found it hard
enough to hold on, let alone steer.
simply put, managing was hard. no one took me aside to give me tips. the books i read
that promised insight on the topic were mostly devoid of content. so i looked to george to see
how he did it. i saw that his way seemed to reflect some of the philosophy he had put into
yoda. just as yoda said things like, "do, or do not. there is no try," george had a fondness
for folksy analogies that sought to describe, neatly, the mess of life. he would compare the
often arduous process of developing his N,:JJ-acre skywalker ranch compound Ba minicity of
residences and production facilities, to a ship going down river  that had been cut in
half  and whose captain had been thrown overboard. "we're still going to get there," he
would say. "grab the paddles and let's keep going;"
another of his favorite analogies was that building a company was like being on a wagon
train headed west. on the long journey to the land of plenty, the pioneers would be full of
purpose and united by the goal of reaching their destination. once they arrived, he'd say,
people would come and go, and that was as it should be. but the process of moving toward
something-of having not yet arrived-was what he idealized.
whether evoking wagons or ships, george thought in terms of a long viewU he believed in
the future and his ability to shape it. the story has been told and retold about how, as a
young filmmaker, in the wake of american graffiti's success, he was advised to demand a
higher salary on his next movie, star wars. that would be the expected move in hollywood:
bump up your quote. not for george, though. he skipped the raise altogether and asked
instead to retain ownership of licensing and merchandising rights to star wars. the studio
that was distributing the film, LJth century fox, readily agreed to his request, thinking it was
not giving up much. george would prove them wrong, setting the stage for major changes in
the industry he loved. he bet on himself-and won.
lucasfilm, in those poststar wars days, was a magnet for big names. famous directors, from
steven spielberg to martin scorsese, were always stopping by to see what we were working
on and what new effects or innovations they might use in their films. but more than the dropins from a-listers, the visit that would stick with me most was the group of disney animators
who came for a tour just after valentine's day, KSRM. as i showed them around, i noted that
one of them-a kid in baggy jeans named john-seemed particularly excited about what we
were up to. in fact, the first thing i noticed was his curiosity. when i showed everyone a
computer-animated image that we were so proud of we'd given it a name-"the road to
point reyes"-he just stood there, transfixed. i told him we'd developed the image of a gently
curving road overlooking the pacific ocean using a software program we'd developed called
reyes Bfor renders everything you ever saw,, and the pun was intended: point reyes,
california, is a seaside village on route K, not far from lucasfilm. reyes represented the
cutting edge of computer graphics at the time. and it bowled this john guy over.
soon, i learned why. he had an idea, he told me, for a film called the brave little toaster
about a toaster, a blanket, a lamp, a radio, and a vacuum cleaner who journey to the city to
find their master after being abandoned in their cabin in the woods. he told me that his film,
which he was about to pitch to his bosses at disney animation, would be the first to place
hand-drawn characters inside computer-generated backgrounds, much like the one i'd just
shown him. he wanted to know if we could work together to make this happen.
that animator was john lasseter. unbeknownst to me, soon after our meeting at lucasfilm,
he would lose his job at disney. apparently, his supervisors felt that the brave little toaster
was-like him-a little too avant-garde. they listened to his pitch and, immediately
afterward, fired him. a few months later, i ran into john again on the queen mary, of all
places. the historic long beach hotel, which also happens to be a docked ocean liner, was the
site of the annual pratt institute symposium on computer graphics. not knowing of his newly
unemployed status, i asked if there was any way he could come up to lucasfilm and help us
make our first short film. he said yes without hesitation. i remember thinking it was almost
as if professor sutherland's exchange program idea was finally getting its moment. to have a
disney animator on our team, even temporarily, would be a huge leap forward. for the first
time, a true storyteller would be joining our ranks.
john was a born dreamer. as a boy, he lived mostly in his head and in the tree houses and
tunnels and spaceships he drew in his sketchbook. his dad was the parts manager at the local
chevrolet dealership in whittier, california-instilling in john a lifelong obsession with cars
-and his mom was a high school art teacher. like me, john remembers discovering that
there were people who made animation for a living and thinking he'd found his place in the
world. for him, as for me, that realization was disney-relatedU it came when he stumbled
upon a well-worn copy of the art of animation, bob thomas's history of the disney studios, in
his high school library. by the time i met john, he was as connected to walt disney as any
twenty-six-year-old on earth. he had graduated from calarts, the legendary art school
founded by walt, where he'd learned from some of the greatest artists of disney's golden
ageU he'd worked as a river guide on the jungle cruise at disneylandU and he'd won a student
academy award in KS:S for his short film the lady and the lamp-an homage to disney's
lady and the tramp-whose main character, a white desk lamp, would later evolve into our
pixar logo.
what john hadn't realized when he joined disney animation, however, was that the studio
was going through a rough, fallow period. the animation there had plateaued much earlier-no significant technical advances had been made since KSPK's KJK dalmatians, and many of
its young, talented animators had left the studio, reacting in part to an increasingly
hierarchical culture that didn't value their ideas. when john arrived in KS:S, frank thomas,
ollie johnston, and the rest of the nine old men were getting up in years-the youngest was
PO-and had stepped away from the day-to-day business of moviemaking, leaving the studio
in the hands of a group of lesser artists who had been waiting in the wings for decades. these
men felt that it was their turn to be in charge but were so insecure about their standing
within the company that they clung to their newfound status by stifling-not encouraging-younger talents. not only were they not interested in the ideas of their fledgling animators,
they exercised a sort of punitive power. they were seemingly determined that those beneath
them not rise in the ranks any faster than they already had. john was almost immediately
unhappy in this noncollaborative environment, though it was still a shock when he got fired.
no wonder he was so eager to join us at lucasfilm.
the project we enlisted john's help on was originally going to be called my breakfast with
andr, an homage of sorts to a KSRK movie we all loved called my dinner with andr. the idea
was simple: an android named andr was supposed to wake up, yawn, and stretch as the sun
rose, revealing a lush, computer-rendered world. alvy had drawn the first storyboards and
was taking the lead on the project, which was a way for us to test some of the new animation
technology we'd developed, and he was thrilled that john was coming aboard to help. john
was an effusive presence with a knack for bringing out the best in others. his energy would
enliven the film.
"do you mind if i say a couple of things?" john asked alvy after being shown the early
storyboards.
"of course not," alvy responded. "that's why you're here."
as alvy tells it, john then "proceeded to save the piece. i'd foolishly thought i'd be the
animator, but frankly, i didn't have the magic. i could make things move very nicely, but not
think, emote and have consciousness. that's john." john made some suggestions about the
look of the main character, a simple, human-like figure with a sphere for a head and another
sphere for a nose. but his most brilliant stroke was adding a second character, a bumblebee
named wally for andr to interact with. Band who, by the way, was named for wallace
shawn, who'd starred in the movie our short was inspired by., the film was renamed the
adventures of andr and wally b., and it opened with andr on his back, asleep in the forest,
waking to find wally b. hovering just above his face. frightened, he flees as wally b. gives
chase, buzzing right behind him. that is the entire plot, if you can call it that-frankly, we
weren't as focused on story as we were on showing what was possible to render with a
computer. john's genius was in creating an emotional tension, even in this briefest of formats.
the movie was designed to run two minutes, but we were still racing against time to
complete it. it wasn't just that the animation process was labor-intensive, though it surely
wasU it was that we were inventing the animation process as we went along. adding to the
stress was the fact that we'd left ourselves so little time to get it all done. we had a selfimposed deadline of july KSRN-just eight months after john came aboard-because that was
when the annual siggraph conference would be held in minneapolis. this week-long
computer graphics summit was a great place to find out what everyone in the field was up to,
the one time every year that academics, educators, artists, hardware salesmen, graduate
students, and programmers all came together under one roof. according to tradition, the
tuesday of conference week was reserved for "movie night," with a showing of the most
exciting visual work produced in the field that year. up until then, that had meant mostly KO-
second snippets of flying network news logos Bthink spinning globes and rippling american
flags, and scientific visualization Beverything from the nasa's voyager L fly-by of saturn to
illustrations of contac time-release cold capsules,. wally b. would be the first computerized
character animation ever shown at siggraph.
as the deadline approached, however, we realized that we weren't going to make it. we'd
worked so hard to create images that were better and clearer and, to make things really hard,
we'd set the movie in a forest Bwhose foliage tested the limits of our animation chops at the
time,. but we hadn't accounted for how much computer power those images would require to
render and how long that process would take. we could complete a rough version of the filmin time, but portions of it would be unfinished, appearing as wire frame images-mock-ups,
made from grid polygons, of the finished characters-instead of fully colored images. the
night of our premiere, we watched, mortified, as these segments appeared on the screen, but
something surprising happened. despite our worries, the majority of the people i talked to
after the screening said that they hadn't even noticed that the movie had switched from full
color to black and white wireframes; they were so caught up in the emotion of the story that
they hadn't noticed its flaws.
this was my first encounter with a phenomenon i would notice again and again,
throughout my career: for all the care you put into artistry, visual polish frequently doesn't
matter if you are getting the story right.
in KSRM, george and his wife marcia split up, and the settlement would significantly affect
the cash position of lucasfilm. george hadn't lost an ounce of his ambition, but the new
financial realities meant that he had to streamline his business. at the same time, i was
coming to realize that while we in the computer division wanted more than anything to make
an animated feature film, george didn't share our dream. he had always been most interested
in what computers could do to enhance live-action films. for a while our goals, though
disparate, had overlapped and pushed each other forward. but now, under pressure to
consolidate his investments, george decided to sell us. the computer division's primary asset
was the business we'd created around the pixar image computer. although we originally
designed it to handle frames of film, it had proven to have multiple applications, including
everything from medical imaging to design prototyping to image processing for the many
three-letter agencies around washington, d.c.
the next year would be one of the most stressful of my life.
a management team brought in by george to restructure lucasfilm seemed concerned
mostly with cash flow, and as time went on, they became openly skeptical that our division
would ever attract a buyer. this team was headed by two men with the same first name,
whom alvy and i nicknamed "the dweebs" because they didn't understand a thing about the
business we were in. those two guys threw around management consulting terms Bthey loved
to tout their "corporate intuition" and constantly urged us to make "strategic alliances",, but
they didn't seem at all insightful about how to make us attractive to buyers or about which
buyers to pursue. at one point, they called us into an office, sat us down, and said that to cut
costs, we should lay off all our employees until after our division was sold-at which point
we could discuss rehiring them. in addition to the emotional toll we knew this would take,
what bugged us about this suggestion was that our real selling point-the thing that had
attracted potential suitors thus far-was the talent we'd gathered. without that, we had
nothing.
so, when our two like-minded overlords demanded a list of names of people to lay off, alvy
and i gave them two: his and mine. that temporarily halted that plan, but as we headed into
KSRO, i was keenly aware that if we weren't sold off, and fast, we could be shut down at any
moment.
lucasfilm wanted to walk away from the deal with 'KO million in cash, but there was a
hitch: our computer division came with a business plan that required an additional infusion
of 'KO million to take us from prototype to product and ensure that we'd be able to stand on
our own. this structure did not sit well with the venture capitalists they hoped would buy us,
who didn't typically make such significant cash commitments when they acquired companies.
we were shopped to twenty prospective buyers, none of whom bit. when that list was
exhausted, a string of manufacturing companies stopped in to kick our tires. again, no luck.
at long last, our group reached an agreement with general motors and philips, the dutch
electronics and engineering conglomerate. philips was interested because, with our pixar
image computer, we had developed the foundational technology for rendering volumes of
data, such as you get from ct scans or mris. general motors was intrigued because we were
leading the way in the modeling of objects, which they felt could be used in car design. we
were within one week of signing the deal when it fell apart.
at this point, i remember feeling a mixture of despair and relief. we'd known from the
outset that entering into a relationship with gm and philips would likely put an end to our
dream of making the first animated feature film, but that was a risk no matter who we joined
up with: each investor was going to have its own agenda, and that was the price of our
survival. to this day, i am thankful that the deal went south. because it paved the way for
steve jobs.
i first met steve in february of KSRO, when he was the director of apple computer, inc.
our meeting had been arranged by apple's chief scientist, alan kay, who knew that alvy and
i were looking for investors to take our graphics division off george's hands. alan had been at
the u of u with me and at xerox parc with alvy, and he told steve that he should visit us if
he wanted to see the cutting edge in computer graphics. we met in a conference room with a
white board and a large table surrounded by chairs-not that steve stayed seated for very
long. within minutes, he was standing at the white board, drawing us a chart of apple's
revenues.
i remember his assertiveness. there was no small talk. instead, there were questions. lots
of questions. what do you want? steve asked. where are you heading? what are your long-term
goals? he used the phrase "insanely great products" to explain what he believed in. clearly,
he was the sort of person who didn't let presentations happen to him, and it wasn't long
before he was talking about making a deal.
to be honest, i was uneasy about steve. he had a forceful personality, whereas i do not,
and i felt threatened by him. for all of my talk about the importance of surrounding myself
with people smarter than myself, his intensity was at such a different level, i didn't know how
to interpret it. it put me in the mind of an ad campaign that the maxell cassette tape company
released around this time, featuring what would become an iconic image: a guy sitting low in
a leather-and-chrome le corbusier chair, his long hair being literally blown back by the
sound from the stereophonic speaker in front of him. that's what it was like to be with steve.
he was the speaker. everyone else was the guy.
for nearly two months after that initial meeting, we heard nothing. total silence.
we were perplexed, given how intent steve had been in our meetings. we finally learned
why when, in late may, we read in the papers of steve's blowup with apple ceo john
sculley. sculley had persuaded apple's board of directors to remove steve from his duties as
head of the company's macintosh division after rumors surfaced that steve was trying to stage
a boardroom coup.
when the dust settled, steve sought us out again. he wanted a new challenge and thought
maybe we were it.
he came to lucasfilm one afternoon for a tour of our hardware lab. again, he pushed and
prodded and poked. what can the pixar image computer do that other machines on the market
can't? who do you envision using it? what's your long-term plan? his aim didn't seem to be to
absorb the intricacies of our technology as much as to hone his own argument, to temper it
by sparring with us. steve's domineering nature could take one's breath away. at one point
he turned to me and calmly explained that he wanted my job. once he took my place at the
helm, he said, i would learn so much from him that in just two years i would be able to run
the enterprise all by myself. i was, of course, already running the enterprise by myself, but i
marveled at his chutzpah. he not only planned to displace me in the day-to-day management
of the company, he expected me to think it was a great idea;
steve was hard-charging-relentless, even-but a conversation with him took you places
you didn't expect. it forced you not just to defend but also to engage. and that in itself, i
came to believe, had value.
the next day, several of us drove out to meet with steve at his place in woodside, a lovely
neighborhood near menlo park. the house was almost empty but for a motorcycle, a grand
piano, and two personal chefs who had once worked at chez panisse. sitting on the grass
looking out over his seven-acre lawn, he formally proposed that he buy the graphics group
from lucasfilm and showed us a proposed organizational chart for the new company. as he
spoke, it became clear to us that his goal was not to build an animation studioU his goal was
to build the next generation of home computers to compete with apple.
this wasn't merely a deviation from our vision, it was the total abandonment of it, so we
politely declined. we returned to the task of trying to find a buyer. time was running out.
months passed. as we approached the one-year anniversary of our unveiling of the
adventures of andr and wally b., our anxiety-the kind that builds when survival is at stake
and saviors are in short supply-was showing on our faces. still, we had fortune on our side
-or, at least, geography. the KSRO siggraph conference was being held in san francisco,
right up the KJK freeway from silicon valley. we had a booth on the trade show floor where
we showcased our pixar image computer. steve jobs dropped by on the first afternoon.
immediately, i sensed a change. since i'd last seen him, steve had founded a personal
computer company, next. i think that gave him the ability to approach us with a different
mindset. he had less to prove. now, he looked around our booth and proclaimed our machine
the most interesting thing in the room. "let's go for a walk," he said, and we set off on a stroll
around the hall. "how are things going?"
"not great," i confessed. we were still hoping to find an outside investor, but we were
nearly out of options. it was then that steve raised the idea of resuming our talks. "maybe we
can work something out," he said.
as we talked, we came upon bill joy, one of the founders of sun computer. bill, like steve,
was an extraordinarily bright, competitive, articulate, and opinionated person. i don't
remember what they talked about as we stood there, but i'll never forget the way they talked:
standing nose to nose, their arms behind their backs, swaying from side to side-in perfect
sync-completely oblivious to anything going on around them. this went on for quite a
while, until steve had to break off to go meet someone.
after steve left, bill turned to me and said, "boy, is he arrogant."
when steve came by our booth again later, he walked up to me and said of bill: "boy, is he
arrogant."
i remember being struck by this clash-of-the-titans moment. i was amused by the fact that
each man could see ego in the other but not in himself.
it took another few months, but on the third day of january, KSRP, steve said he was ready
to make a deal and addressed, right off, the issue that had concerned me most-his previous
insistence on controlling and running the company. he was willing to back off on that, he
said, and not only that, he was open to letting us explore making a business out of the nexus
of computers and graphics. by the end of the meeting, alvy and i felt comfortable with his
proposal-and his intentions. the only wild card was what he was going to be like as a
partner. we were well aware of his reputation for being difficult. only time would tell
whether he would live up to it.
at one point in this period, i met with steve and gently asked him how things got resolved
when people disagree with him. he seemed unaware that what i was really asking him was
how things would get resolved if we worked together and i disagreed with him, for he gave a
more general answer.
he said, "when i don't see eye to eye with somebody, i just take the time to explain it
better, so they understand the way it should be."
later, when i relayed this to my colleagues at lucasfilm, they laughed. nervously. i
remember one of steve's attorneys telling us that if we were acquired by his client, we had
better be ready to "get on the steve jobs roller coaster." given our dire straits, this was a ride
alvy and i were ready to board.
the acquisition process was complicated by the fact that the negotiators for lucasfilmweren't very good. the chief financial officer, in particular, underestimated steve, assuming
he was just another rich kid in over his head. this cfo told me that the way to establish his
authority in the room was to arrive last. his thinking, which he articulated out loud to me,
was that this would establish him as the "most powerful player," since he and only he could
afford to keep everyone else waiting.
all that it ended up establishing, however, was that he'd never met anyone like steve jobs.
the morning of the big negotiating session, all of us but the cfo were on time-steve and
his attorneyU me, alvy, and our attorneyU lucasfilm's attorneysU and an investment banker. at
precisely KJ a.m., steve looked around and, finding the cfo missing, started the meeting
without him; in one swift move, steve had not only foiled the cfo's attempt to place himself
atop the pecking order, but he had grabbed control of the meeting. this would be the kind of
strategic, aggressive play that would define steve's stewardship of pixar for years to come-once we joined forces, he became our protector, as fierce on our behalf as he was on his own.
in the end, steve paid 'O million to spin pixar off of lucasfilm-and then, after the sale, he
agreed to pay another 'O million to fund the company, with :J percent of the stock going to
steve and MJ percent to the employees.
the closing took place on a monday morning in february KSRP, and the mood in the roomwas decidedly muted because everyone was so worn out by the negotiations. after we signed
our names, steve pulled alvy and me aside, put his arms around us and said, "whatever
happens, we have to be loyal to each other." i took that as an expression of his still-bruised
feelings in the wake of his ouster from apple, but i never forgot it. the gestation had been
trying, but the feisty little company called pixar had been born.
chapter M
a defining goal
there is nothing quite like ignorance combined with a driving need to succeed to force rapid
learning. i know this from firsthand experience. in KSRP, i became the president of a new
hardware company whose main business was selling the pixar image computer.
the only problem was, i had no idea what i was doing.
from the outside, pixar probably looked like your typical silicon valley startup. on the
inside, however, we were anything but. steve jobs had never manufactured or marketed a
high-end machine before, so he had neither the experience nor the intuition about how to do
so. we had no sales people and no marketing people and no idea where to find them. steve,
alvy ray smith, john lasseter, me-none of us knew the first thing about how to run the
kind of business we had just started. we were drowning.
while i was used to working within a budget, i had never been responsible for a profit-andloss statement. i knew nothing about how to manage inventory, how to ensure quality, or any
of the other things that a company purporting to sell products must master. not knowing
where else to turn, i remember buying a copy of dick levin's buy low, sell high, collect early,
and pay late: the manager's guide to financial survival, a popular business title at the time,
and devouring it in one sitting.
i read many such books as i set about trying to become a better, more effective manager.
most, i found, trafficked in a kind of simplicity that seemed harmful in that it offered false
reassurance. these books were stocked with catchy phrases like "dare to fail;" or "follow
people and people will follow you;" or "focus, focus, focus;" Bthis last one was a particular
favorite piece of nonadvice. when people hear it, they nod their heads in agreement as if a
great truth has been presented, not realizing that they've been diverted from addressing the
far harder problem: deciding what it is that they should be focusing on. there is nothing in
this advice that gives you any idea how to figure out where the focus should be, or how to
apply your energy to it. it ends up being advice that doesn't mean anything., these slogans
were offered as conclusions-as wisdom-and they may have been, i suppose. but none of
them gave me any clue as to what to do or what i should focus on.
one thing we had to figure out in the early days of pixar was the yin and yang of working
with steve. his determination to succeed and his willingness to think big were often
inspiring. for example, he insisted that alvy and i open sales offices for the pixar image
computer across the country-a bold move that we would never have dreamed of proposing
right out of the gate. alvy and i felt that, yes, we were selling a sexy product, but it was a
highly specialized sexy product, which meant that there was a natural limit on the size of the
market for it. steve, however, coming from the world of consumer computers, pushed us to
think past that. if we were going to sell this thing, he reasoned, we needed to establish a
national presence. alvy and i weren't sure how to go about it at first, but we appreciated
steve's vision.
with that vision came something else, however: an unusual style of interacting with people.
steve was often impatient and curt. when he attended meetings with potential customers, he
wouldn't hesitate to call them out if he sniffed mediocrity or lack of preparation-hardly a
helpful tactic when trying to make a deal or develop a loyal client base. he was young and
driven and not yet attuned to his impact on others. in our first years together, he didn't "get"
normal people-meaning people who did not run companies or who lacked personal
confidence. his method for taking the measure of a room was saying something definitive and
outrageous-"these charts are bullshit;" or "this deal is crap;"-and watching people react.
if you were brave enough to come back at him, he often respected it-poking at you, then
registering your response, was his way of deducing what you thought and whether you had
the guts to champion it. watching him reminded me of a principle of engineering: sending
out a sharp impulse-like a dolphin uses echolocation to determine the location of a school of
fish-can teach you crucial things about your environment. steve used aggressive interplay as
a kind of biological sonar. it was how he sized up the world.
my first order of business as pixar's president was to find and hire good people, a core staff
that could help us begin to address our inadequacies. if we were going to make a business out
of selling hardware, then we'd need to set up proper manufacturing, sales, service, and
marketing departments. i sought out friends who'd started their own silicon valley companies
and solicited their input on everything from profit margins and prices to commissions and
customer relationships. while they were generous with their advice, the most valuable lessons
i learned were gleaned from the flaws in that advice.
the first question was pretty basic: how do we figure out how much to charge for our
machine? i was told by the presidents of sun and silicon graphics to start with a high
number. if you start high, they said, you can always reduce the priceU if you lowball it and
then need to raise the price later, you will only upset your customers. so based on the profit
margins we wanted, we decided on a price of 'KLL,JJJ per unit. big mistake. the pixar
image computer quickly gained a reputation for being powerful but too expensive. when we
lowered the price later, we discovered that our reputation for being overpriced was all
anyone remembered. regardless of our attempts to correct it, the first impression stuck.
the pricing advice i was given-by people who were smart and experienced and wellmeaning-was not merely wrong, it kept us from asking the right questions. instead of talking
about whether it's easier to lower a price than raise it, we should have been addressing more
substantive issues such as how to meet the expectations of customers and how to keep
investing in software development so that the customers who did buy our product could put it
to better use. in retrospect, when i sought the counsel of these more experienced men, i had
been seeking simple answers to complex questions-do this, not that-because i was unsure
of myself and stressed by the demands of my new job. but simple answers like the "start
high" pricing advice-so seductive in its rationality-had distracted me and kept me from
asking more fundamental questions.
at the time, we were a computer manufacturing company, so we had to learn very quickly
what it meant to produce computers. it was at this time that i happened upon one of the most
valuable lessons from the early days of pixar. and the lesson came from an unexpected source
-the history of japanese manufacturing. no one thinks about the assembly line as a place
that engenders creativity. until that point, i'd associated manufacturing more with efficiency
than with inspiration. but i soon discovered that the japanese had found a way of making
production a creative endeavor that engaged its workers-a completely radical and
counterintuitive idea at the time. indeed, the japanese would have much to teach me about
building a creative environment.
in the aftermath of world war ii, as america embarked on a sustained period of prosperity,
japan struggled mightily to rebuild its infrastructure. its economy had been driven to its
knees, and its manufacturing base was chronically subpar, crippled by its reputation for
extremely poor quality. i remember as a kid growing up in the KSOJs, japanese goods were
seen as inferior-even trash. Bthere is no comparable stigma today. if you see "made in
mexico" or "made in china" on a label, it doesn't carry anything close to the negative
connotation that "made in japan" had back then., america, by contrast, was a manufacturing
powerhouse in these years, and the auto industry led the way. the ford motor company had
pioneered the smoothly flowing assembly line, which was the key to producing large
quantities of goods at low prices and which, in effect, had revolutionized the manufacturing
process. before long, every automobile maker in america had adopted the practice of moving
the product from one worker to another via some sort of conveyor until its assembly was
complete. the time saved translated into massive profits, and many other industries, from
appliances to furniture to electronics, followed ford's lead.
the mantra of mass production became: keep the assembly line going, no matter what,
because that was how you kept efficiency up and costs down. lost time meant lost money. if
a particular product in the chain was faulty, you pulled it off immediately, but you always
kept the line rolling. to make sure the rest of the products were okay, you relied on qualitycontrol inspectors. hierarchy prevailed. only upper managers were given the authority to halt
the line.
but in KSN:, an american working in japan turned that thinking on its head. his name was
w. edwards deming, and he was a statistician who was known for his expertise in quality
control. at the request of the u.s. army, he had traveled to asia to assist with planning the
KSOK japanese census. once he arrived, he became deeply involved with the country's
reconstruction effort and ended up teaching hundreds of japanese engineers, managers, and
scholars his theories about improving productivity. among those who came to hear his ideas
was akio morita, the co-founder of sony corp.-one of many japanese companies that would
apply his ideas and reap their rewards. around this time, toyota also instituted radical new
ways of thinking about production that jibed with deming's philosophies.
several phrases would later be coined to describe these revolutionary approaches-phrases
like "just-in-time manufacturing" or "total quality control"-but the essence was this: the
responsibility for finding and fixing problems should be assigned to every employee, from the
most senior manager to the lowliest person on the production line. if anyone at any level
spotted a problem in the manufacturing process, deming believed, they should be encouraged
Band expected, to stop the assembly line. japanese companies that implemented deming's
ideas made it easy for workers to do so: they installed a cord that anyone could pull in order
to bring production to a halt. before long, japanese companies were enjoying unheard-of
levels of quality, productivity, and market share.
deming's approach-and toyota's, too-gave ownership of and responsibility for a
product's quality to the people who were most involved in its creation. instead of merely
repeating an action, workers could suggest changes, call out problems, and-this next
element seemed particularly important to me-feel the pride that came when they helped fix
what was broken. this resulted in continuous improvement, driving out flaws and improving
quality. in other words, the japanese assembly line became a place where workers'
engagement strengthened the resulting product. and that would eventually transform
manufacturing around the world.
as we struggled to get pixar off the ground, deming's work was like a beacon that lit my
way. i was fascinated by the fact that, for years, so many american business leaders had been
unable to even conceive of the wisdom of his thinking. it wasn't that they were rejecting
deming's ideas as much as they were utterly blind to them. their certainty about their
existing systems had rendered them unable to see. they'd been on top for a while, after all.
why did they need to change their ways?
it would be decades before deming's ideas took hold here. in fact, it wasn't until the KSRJs
when a few companies in silicon valley, such as hewlett packard and apple, began to
incorporate them. but deming's work would make a huge impression on me and help frame
my approach to managing pixar going forward. while toyota was a hierarchical organization,
to be sure, it was guided by a democratic central tenet: you don't have to ask permission to
take responsibility.
a few years ago, when toyota stumbled-initially failing to acknowledge serious problems
with their braking systems, which led to a rare public embarrassment-i remember being
struck that a company as smart as toyota could act in a way that ran so counter to one of its
deepest cultural values. whatever these forces are that make people do dumb things, they are
powerful, they are often invisible, and they lurk even in the best of environments.
in the late KSRJs, while we were building pixar, steve jobs was spending most of his time
trying to establish next, the personal computer company he'd started after being forced out
at apple. he came to the pixar offices only once a year-so rarely, in fact, that we had to give
him directions each time so that he wouldn't get lost. but i was a regular visitor to next.
every few weeks, i'd head down to steve's office in redwood city to brief him on our
progress. i didn't relish the meetings, to be honest, because they were often frustrating. as we
struggled to figure out how to make pixar profitable, we needed frequent infusions of steve's
money to stay afloat. he often tried to put conditions on the money, which was
understandable but also complicated because the conditions he imposed-whether they
involved marketing or engineering new products-didn't always correspond to our realities.
my memory of that period is that it was one of constant searching for a business model that
would put us in the black. there was always reason to believe that the next thing we tried
would be the thing that finally worked.
in the first years of pixar's existence, we had a few triumphs-luxo jr., a short film
directed by john starring the lamp that is now the pixar logo, was nominated for an academy
award in KSR:, and the next year, tin toy, a short film about a wind-up, one-man band toy
and the drooling human baby who torments him, garnered pixar's first oscar. but we were
mostly just hemorrhaging money. for obvious reasons, this increased tensions with steve. we
didn't feel that he understood what we needed, and he didn't feel that we understood how to
run a business. we were both right. steve had every reason to be anxious about us. at pixar's
lowest point, as we floundered and failed to make a profit, steve had sunk 'ON million of his
own money into the company-a significant chunk of his net worth, and more money than
any venture capital firm would have considered investing, given the sorry state of our balance
sheet.
why were we so deep in the red? because our initial flurry of sales died away almost
instantly-only three hundred pixar image computers were ever sold-and we weren't big
enough to design new products quickly. we had grown to more than seventy people, and our
overhead was threatening to consume us. as the losses mounted, it became clear that there
was only one path forward: we needed to abandon selling hardware. after trying everything
we could to sell our pixar image computer, we were finally facing the fact that hardware
could not keep us going. like an explorer perched on the edge of a melting ice floe, we
needed to leap to more stable ground. of course, we had no way of knowing whether where
we landed next would support our weight. the only thing that made this leap easier was that
we had decided to go all in on what we'd yearned to do from the outset: computer animation.
this was where our true passion resided, and the only option left was to go after it with
everything we had.
starting in KSSJ, around the same time we moved into a concrete box of a building in the
warehouse district of point richmond, north of berkeley, we began to focus our energies on
the creative side. we started making animated commercials for trident gum and tropicana
orange juice and almost immediately won awards for the creative content while continuing to
hone our technical and storytelling skills. the problem was, we still were taking in
significantly less money than we spent. in KSSK, we laid off more than a third of our
employees.
three times between KSR: and KSSK, a fed-up steve jobs tried to sell pixar. and yet,
despite his frustrations, he could never quite bring himself to part with us. when microsoft
offered 'SJ million for us, he walked away. steve wanted 'KLJ million, and felt their offer
was not just insulting but proof that they weren't worthy of us. the same thing happened
with alias, the industrial and automotive design software company, and with silicon
graphics. with each suitor, steve started with a high price and was unwilling to budge. i
came to believe that what he was really looking for was not an exit strategy as much as
external validation. his reasoning went like this: if microsoft was willing to go to 'SJ million,
then we must be worth hanging on to. it was difficult-and enervating-to watch this dance.
pixar could not have survived without steve, but more than once in those years, i wasn't
sure if we'd survive with him. steve could be brilliant and inspirational, capable of diving
deeply and intelligently into any problem we faced. but he could also be impossible:
dismissive, condescending, threatening, even bullying. perhaps of most concern, from a
management standpoint, was the fact that he exhibited so little empathy. at that point in his
life, he was simply unable to put himself in other people's shoes, and his sense of humor was
nonexistent. at pixar, we have always had a pretty deep bench of jokesters and a core belief
in having fun, but everything we tried with steve fell painfully flat. known for holding forth
in meetings to the exclusion of all others, he once briefed a group of us who were about to go
into a session with disney execs by stressing how important it was that we "listen and not
talk." the irony was so obvious, i couldn't resist saying: "okay, steve, i'll try to restrain
myself." everyone in the room laughed, but he didn't crack a smile. then we went into the
meeting and steve held court for the full hour, barely letting the folks from disney finish a
sentence.
by this time, i'd spent enough time with steve to know that he wasn't insensitive at his core
-the problem was that he had not yet figured out how to behave in a way that let everyone
see that. at one point, in a fit of pique, he called me to say that he refused to make payrollU
he only relented after i called him, furious, and read him the riot act about all of the families
that were depending on those paychecks. in my entire career, that may be the only time i've
ever slammed my door in frustration. even if pixar doubled in value, steve told me, we still
wouldn't be worth anything. i felt increasingly burned out. i even thought about resigning.
a funny thing happened, though, as we went through these trials. steve and i gradually
found a way to work together. and as we did so, we began to understand each other. you'll
recall the question i asked steve just before he bought pixar: how would we resolve conflicts?
and his answer, which i found comically egotistical at the time, was that he simply would
continue to explain why he was right until i understood. the irony was that this soon became
the technique i used with steve. when we disagreed, i would state my case, but since steve
could think much faster than i could, he would often shoot down my arguments. so i'd wait a
week, marshal my thoughts, and then come back and explain it again. he might dismiss my
points again, but i would keep coming back until one of three things happened: BK, he would
say "oh, okay, i get it" and give me what i neededU BL, i'd see that he was right and stop
lobbyingU or BM, our debate would be inconclusive, in which case i'd just go ahead and do
what i had proposed in the first place. each outcome was equally likely, but when this third
option occurred, steve never questioned me. for all his insistence, he respected passion. if i
believed in something that strongly, he seemed to feel, it couldn't be all wrong.
jeffrey katzenberg sat at the end of a long, dark wood conference table in the team disney
building on the studio's lot in burbank. the head of disney's motion picture division was in
wooing mode-at least up to a point. "it's clear that the talent here is john lasseter," he said,
as john, steve, and i sat there, trying not to be offended. "and john, since you won't come
work for me, i guess i'll have to make it work this way."
katzenberg wanted pixar to make a feature film, and he wanted disney to own and
distribute it.
this offer, though surprising to us, did not come entirely out of the blue. early in pixar's
existence, we'd entered into a contract to write a graphics system for disney-called the
computer animation production system, or caps-that would paint and manage animation
cels. while caps was being created, disney was producing the little mermaid, which would
become a massive hit in KSRS and, all by itself, launch a second golden age of animation
that would also include beauty and the beast, aladdin, and the lion king. these films were so
successful that they inspired disney animation to begin looking for partners to increase its
feature film output, and since our track record with the studio was good, they looked to us.
hammering out our deal with disney meant coming to terms with katzenberg-a
notoriously wily and tough negotiator. steve took the reins, rejecting jeffrey's logic that since
disney was investing in pixar's first movie, it deserved to own our technology as well. "you're
giving us money to make the film," steve said, "not to buy our trade secrets." what disney
brought to the table was its marketing and distribution muscleU what we brought were our
technical innovations, and they were not for sale. steve made this a deal breaker and stuck to
his guns until, ultimately, jeffrey agreed. when the stakes were highest, steve could go to
what seemed another level of play.
in KSSK, we struck a three-picture deal under which disney would provide majority
financing for pixar movies, which disney would distribute and own. it felt like it had taken a
lifetime to get to this point, and in a sense it had. while pixar, the company, was just five
years old, my dream of making a computer-animated feature film was pushing twenty. once
again, we were embarking on something we knew very little about. none of us had ever made
a movie before-at least not one longer than five minutes-and since we were using
computer animation, there was no one to ask for help. given the millions of dollars at stake
and the realization that we'd never get another chance if we blew it, we had to figure it out
fast.
luckily, john already had an idea. toy story would be about a group of toys and a boy-andy-who loves them. the twist was that it would be told from the toys' point of view. the
plot would transform again and again over many months, but it would eventually come to
revolve around andy's favorite toy, a cowboy named woody, whose world is rocked when a
shiny new rival, a space ranger named buzz lightyear, arrives on the scene and becomes the
apple of andy's eye. john pitched the basic idea to disney, and after much revising, we got
the green light on the script in january KSSM.
by this point, john had begun assembling a team, surrounding himself with a number of
talented and ambitious young people. he'd hired andrew stanton and pete docter, who
would go on to become two of our most inspired directors, back when we were making
commercials. forceful to the point of red-faced when asserting something he held dear,
andrew was a writer-director with a deep insight into story structureU he loved nothing more
than stripping a plot down to its emotional load-bearing sequences and then rebuilding it
from the ground up. pete was a supremely talented draftsman with a knack for capturing
emotion on screen. in the fall of KSSL, john's former disney colleague joe ranft had come
aboard, fresh from working on tim burton's the nightmare before christmas. joe, a bear of a
man, had a warm and twisted sense of humor that made his criticisms, when he had them,
easier to take. our team was strong but fairly inexperienced. you've probably heard the
maxim that it's best to assemble your parachute before you jump out of a plane. well, in our
case we were already in free fall-and not one of us had ever made a parachute before.
for the first year, john and his team would storyboard sequences and then fly down to
disney headquarters to get notes from jeffrey katzenberg and his two top executives, peter
schneider and tom schumacher. jeffrey pushed relentlessly for more "edge." woody was too
perky, too earnest, he thought. that didn't necessarily jibe with our sense of the story, but
being novices, we took his advice to heart. gradually, over a period of months, the character
of woody-originally imagined as affable and easygoing-became darker, meaner  and
wholly unappealing. woody was jealous. he threw buzz out the window for spite. he bossed
the other toys around and called them demeaning names. he had, in short, become a jerk. on
november KS, KSSM, we went to disney to unveil the new, edgier woody in a series of story
reels-a mock-up of the film, like a comic book version with temporary voices, music, and
drawings of the story. that day will forever be known at pixar as "black friday" because
disney's completely reasonable reaction was to shut down the production until an acceptable
script was written.
the shutdown was terrifying. with our first feature film suddenly on life support, john
quickly summoned andrew, pete, and joe. for the next several months, they spent almost
every waking minute together, working to rediscover the heart of the movie, the thing that
john had first envisioned: a toy cowboy who wanted to be loved. they also learned an
important lesson-to trust their own storytelling instincts.
meanwhile, as we struggled to finish toy story, the work that we'd started at lucasfilm was
beginning to have a noticeable impact in hollywood. in KSSK, two of the year's biggest
blockbusters-beauty and the beast and terminator L-had relied heavily on technology that
had been developed at pixar, and people in hollywood were starting to pay attention. by
KSSM, when jurassic park was released, computer-generated special effects would no longer
be considered some nerdy sideline experimentU they were coming to be seen for what they
were: tools that enable the making of mainstream entertainment. the digital revolution-with its special effects, crystalline sound quality, and video editing capabilities-had arrived.
john once described steve's story as the classic hero's journey. banished for his hubris from
the company he founded, he wandered through the wilderness having a series of adventures
that, in the end, changed him for the better. i have much to say about steve's transformation
and the role pixar played in it, but for now, i will simply assert that failure made him better,
wiser, and kinder. we'd all been affected and humbled by the failures and challenges of our
first nine years, but we'd also gained something important along the way. backing each other
through difficulties increased our trust and deepened our bond.
of course, one thing we could count on was that, at some point, steve would throw us a
curve ball. as we approached toy story's release, it was becoming clear that steve had
something much bigger in mind. this wasn't just about a movie-this film, he believed, was
going to change the field of animation. and, before that happened, he wanted to take us
public.
"bad idea," john and i told steve. "let's get a couple films under our belt first. we'll only
increase our value that way."
steve disagreed. "this is our moment," he said.
he went on to lay out his logic: let's assume that toy story is a success, he said. not only
that, let's assume it is a big success. when that happens, disney ceo michael eisner will
realize that he has created his worst nightmare: a viable competitor to disney. Bwe only owed
his studio two more films under our contract, then we could go out on our own., steve
predicted that as soon as toy story came out, eisner would try to renegotiate our deal and
keep us close, as a partner. in this scenario, steve said, he wanted to be able to negotiate
better terms. specifically, he wanted a OJIOJ split with disney on returns-a demand, he
pointed out, that also happened to be the moral high ground. in order to fulfill these terms,
however, we would have to be able to put up the cash for our half of the production budgets
-a significant amount of money. and to do that, we would have to go public.
his logic, as it often did, won the day.
soon, i found myself criss-crossing the country with steve, in what we called our "dog and
pony show," trying to drum up interest in our initial public offering. as we traveled from one
investment house to another, steve Bin a costume he rarely wore: suit and tie, pushed to
secure early commitments, while i added a professorial presence by donning, at steve's
insistence, a tweed jacket with elbow patches. i was supposed to embody the image of what a
"technical genius" looks like-though, frankly, i don't know anyone in computer science who
dresses that way. steve, as pitch man, was on fire. pixar was a movie studio the likes of which
no one had ever seen, he said, built on a foundation of cutting-edge technology and original
storytelling. we would go public one week after toy story opened, when no one would
question that pixar was for real.
steve turned out to be right. as our first movie broke records at the box office and as all
our dreams seemed to be coming true, our initial public offering raised nearly 'KNJ million
for the company-the biggest ipo of KSSO. and a few months later, as if on cue, eisner
called, saying that he wanted to renegotiate the deal and keep us as a partner. he accepted
steve's offer of a OJIOJ split. i was amazedU steve had called this exactly right. his clarity and
execution were stunning.
for me, this moment was the culmination of such a lengthy series of pursuits, it was almost
impossible to take in. i had spent twenty years inventing new technological tools, helping to
found a company, and working hard to make all the facets of this company communicate and
work well together. all of this had been in the service of a single goal: making a computeranimated feature film. and now, we'd not only done itU thanks to steve, we were on steadier
financial ground than we'd ever been before. for the first time since our founding, our jobs
were safe.
i wish i could bottle how it felt to come into work during those first heady days after toy
story came out. people seemed to walk a little taller, they were so proud of what we'd done.
we'd been the first to make a movie with computers, and-even better-audiences were
touched, and touched deeply, by the story we told. as my colleagues went about their work-and we had much to do, including getting more films going and finalizing our negotiations
with disney-every interaction was informed by a sense of pride and accomplishment. we
had succeeded by holding true to our idealsU nothing could be better than that. the core team
of john, andrew, pete, joe, and lee unkrich, who had joined us in KSSN to edit toy story,
immediately moved on to a bug's life, our movie about the insect world. there was
excitement in the air.
but while i could feel that euphoria, i was oddly unable to participate in it.
for twenty years, my life had been defined by the goal of making the first computer
graphics movie. now that that goal had been reached, i had what i can only describe as a
hollow, lost feeling. as a manager, i felt a troubling lack of purpose. now what? the thing
that had replaced it seemed to be the act of running a company, which was more than
enough to keep me busy, but it wasn't special. pixar was now public and successful, yet there
was something unsatisfying about the prospect of merely keeping it running.
it took a serious and unexpected problem to give me a new sense of mission.
for all of my talk about the leaders of thriving companies who did stupid things because
they'd failed to pay attention, i discovered that, during the making of toy story, i had
completely missed something that was threatening to undo us. and i'd missed it even though
i thought i'd been paying attention.
throughout the making of the movie, i had seen my job, in large part, as minding the
internal and external dynamics that could divert us from our goal. i was determined that
pixar not make the same mistakes i'd watched other silicon valley companies make. to that
end, i'd made a point of being accessible to our employees, wandering into people's offices to
check in and see what was going on. john and i had very conscientiously tried to make sure
that everyone at pixar had a voice, that every job and every employee was treated with
respect. i truly believed that self-assessment and constructive criticism had to occur at all
levels of a company, and i had tried my best to walk that talk.
now, though, as we assembled the crew to work on our second film, a bug's life, drawing
on people who'd been key to toy story's evolution, i discovered we'd completely missed a
serious, ongoing rift between our creative and production departments. in short, production
managers told me that working on toy story had been a nightmare. they felt disrespected
and marginalized-like second-class citizens. and while they were gratified by toy story's
success, they were very reluctant to sign on to work on another film at pixar.
i was floored. how had we missed this?
the answer, at least in part, was rooted in the role production managers play in making our
films. production managers are the people who keep track of the endless details that ensure
that a movie is delivered on time and on budget. they monitor the overall progress of the
crewU they keep track of the thousands of shotsU they evaluate how resources are being usedU
they persuade and cajole and nudge and say no when necessary. in other words, they do
something essential for a company whose success relies on hitting deadlines and staying onbudget: they manage people and safeguard the process.
if there was one thing we prided ourselves on at pixar, it was making sure that pixar's
artists and technical people treated each other as equals, and i had assumed that that same
mutual respect would be afforded to those who managed the productions. i had assumed
wrong. sure enough, when i checked with the artists and technical staff, they did believe that
production managers were second-class and that they impeded-not facilitated-good
filmmaking by overcontrolling the process, by micromanaging. production managers, the
folks i consulted told me, were just sand in the gears.
my total ignorance of this dynamic caught me by surprise. my door had always been open;
i'd assumed that that would guarantee me a place in the loop, at least when it came to major
sources of tension like this. not a single production manager had dropped by to express
frustration or make a suggestion in the five years we worked on toy story. why was that? it
took some digging to figure it out.
first, since we didn't know what we were doing as we'd geared up to do toy story, we'd
brought in experienced production managers from los angeles to help us get organized. they
felt that their jobs were temporary and thus that their complaints would not be welcome. in
their world-conventional hollywood productions-freelancers came together to make a film,
worked side by side for several months, and then scattered to the winds. complaining tended
to cost you future work opportunities, so they kept their mouths shut. it was only when asked
to stay on at pixar that they voiced their objections.
second, despite their frustrations, these production managers felt that they were making
history and that john was an inspired leader. toy story was a meaningful project to work on.
that they liked so much of what they were doing allowed them to put up with the parts of
the job they came to resent. this was a revelation to me: the good stuff was hiding the bad
stuff. i realized that this was something i needed to look out for: when downsides coexist
with upsides, as they often do, people are reluctant to explore what's bugging them, for fear
of being labeled complainers. i also realized that this kind of thing, if left unaddressed, could
fester and destroy pixar.
for me, this discovery was bracing. being on the lookout for problems, i realized, was not
the same as seeing problems. this would be the idea-the challenge-around which i would
build my new sense of purpose.
while i felt i now understood why we had failed to detect this problem, we still needed to
understand what it was they were upset about. to that end, i started sticking my head into
people's offices, pulling up a chair and asking them for their view on how pixar was and
wasn't working. these conversations were intentionally open-ended. i didn't ask for a list of
specific complaints. bit by bit, conversation by conversation, i came to understand how we'd
arrived in this thicket.
there had been a great deal riding on toy story, of course, and since making a film is an
extremely complicated proposition, our production leaders had felt tremendous pressure to
control the process-not just the budgets and schedules but the flow of information. if people
went willy-nilly to anybody with their issues, they believed, the whole project could spiral
out of control. so, to keep things on track, it was made clear to everyone from the get-go: if
you have something to say, it needs to be communicated through your direct manager. if an
animator wanted to talk to a modeler, for example, they were required to go through "proper
channels." the artists and technical people experienced this everything-goes-through-me
mentality as irritating and obstructionist. i think of it as well-intentioned micromanaging.
because making a movie involves hundreds of people, a chain of command is essential. but
in this case, we had made the mistake of confusing the communication structure with the
organizational structure. of course an animator should be able to talk to a modeler directly,
without first talking with his or her manager. so we gathered the company together and said:
going forward, anyone should be able to talk to anyone else, at any level, at any time,
without fear of reprimand. communication would no longer have to go through hierarchical
channels. the exchange of information was key to our business, of course, but i believed that
it could-and frequently should-happen out of order, without people getting bent out of
shape. people talking directly to one another, then letting the manager find out later, was
more efficient than trying to make sure that everything happened in the "right" order and
through the "proper" channels.
improvement didn't happen overnight. but by the time we finished a bug's life, the
production managers were no longer seen as impediments to creative progress, but as peers-as first-class citizens. we had become better.
this was a success in itself, but it came with an added and unexpected benefit: the act of
thinking about the problem and responding to it was invigorating and rewarding. we realized
that our purpose was not merely to build a studio that made hit films but to foster a creative
culture that would continually ask questions. questions like: if we had done some things right
to achieve success, how could we ensure that we understood what those things were? could
we replicate them on our next projects? perhaps as important, was replication of success even
the right thing to do? how many serious, potentially disastrous problems were lurking just
out of sight and threatening to undo us? what, if anything, could we do to bring them to
light? how much of our success was luck? what would happen to our egos if we continued to
succeed? would they grow so large they could hurt us, and if so, what could we do to address
that overconfidence? what dynamics would arise now that we were bringing new people into
a successful enterprise as opposed to a struggling startup?
what had drawn me to science, all those years ago, was the search for understanding.
human interaction is far more complex than relativity or string theory, of course, but that
only made it more interesting and importantU it constantly challenged my presumptions. as
we made more movies, i would learn that some of my beliefs about why and how pixar had
been successful were wrong. but one thing could not have been more plain: figuring out how
to build a sustainable creative culture-one that didn't just pay lip service to the importance
of things like honesty, excellence, communication, originality, and self-assessment but really
committed to them, no matter how uncomfortable that became-wasn't a singular assignment.
it was a day-in-day-out, full-time job. and one that i wanted to do.
as i saw it, our mandate was to foster a culture that would seek to keep our sightlines
clear, even as we accepted that we were often trying to engage with and fix what we could
not see. my hope was to make this culture so vigorous that it would survive when pixar's
founding members were long gone, enabling the company to continue producing original
films that made money, yes, but also contributed positively to the world. that sounds like a
lofty goal, but it was there for all of us from the beginning. we were blessed with a
remarkable group of employees who valued change, risk, and the unknown and who wanted
to rethink how we create. how could we enable the talents of these people, keep them happy,
and not let the inevitable complexities that come with any collaborative endeavor undo us
along the way? that was the job i assigned myself-and the one that still animates me to this
day.
chapter N
establishing pixar's identity
two defining creative principles emerged in the wake of toy story. they became mantras, of
a sort, phrases we clung to and repeated endlessly in meetings. we believed that they had
guided us through the crucible of toy story and the early stages of a bug's life, and as a result
we took enormous comfort in them.
the first principle was "story is king," by which we meant that we would let nothing-not
the technology, not the merchandising possibilities-get in the way of our story. we took
pride in the fact that reviewers talked mainly about the way toy story made them feel and not
about the computer wizardry that enabled us to get it up on the screen. we believed that this
was the direct result of our always keeping story as our guiding light.
the other principle we depended on was "trust the process." we liked this one because it
was so reassuring: while there are inevitably difficulties and missteps in any complex creative
endeavor, you can trust that "the process" will carry you through. in some ways, this was no
different than any optimistic aphorism B"hang in there, baby;",, except that because our
process was so different from other movie studios, we felt that it had real power. pixar was a
place that gave artists running room, that gave directors control, that trusted its people to
solve problems. i have always been wary of maxims or rules because, all too often, they turn
out to be empty platitudes that impede thoughtfulness, but these two principles actually
seemed to help our people.
which was good, because we would soon need all the help we could get.
in KSS:, executives at disney came to us with a request: could we make toy story L as a
direct-to-video release-that is, not release it in theaters? at the time, disney's suggestion
made a lot of sense. in its history, the studio had only released one animated sequel in
theaters, KSSJ's the rescuers down under, and it had been a flop. in the years since, the
direct-to-video market had become extremely lucrative, so when disney proposed toy story L
for video release only-a niche product with a lower artistic bar-we said yes. while we
questioned the quality of most sequels made for the video market, we thought that we could
do better.
right away, we realized that we'd made a terrible mistake. everything about the project
ran counter to what we believed in. we didn't know how to aim low. we had nothing against
the direct-to-video model, in theoryU disney was doing it and making heaps of money. we just
couldn't figure out how to go about it without sacrificing quality. what's more, it soon
became clear that scaling back our expectations to make a direct-to-video product was having
a negative impact on our internal culture, in that it created an a-team Ba bug's life, and a bteam Btoy story L,. the crew assigned to work on toy story L was not interested in producing
b-level work, and more than a few came into my office to say so. it would have been foolish
to ignore their passion.
a few months into the project, we called a meeting with the disney execs to sell them on
the idea that the direct-to-video model wasn't going to work for us. it wasn't what pixar was
about. we proposed changing course and making toy story L for theatrical release. to our
surprise, they readily agreed. suddenly, we were making two ambitious feature films at once
-doubling our theatrical output overnight. this was a little scary, but it also felt like an
affirmation of our core values. as we staffed up, i felt proud that we had insisted on quality.
decisions like that, i believed, would ensure future success.
the production of toy story L, however, would be severely hindered by a series of faulty
assumptions on our part. since this was "only" a sequel, we told ourselves, it wouldn't be as
arduous to make as the original. while the creative team that had led toy story focused on a
bug's life, we picked two skilled animators Band first-time directors, to helm toy story L. all
of us assumed that an inexperienced team-when backed up by an experienced team-would
be able to simply replicate the success of our first film. bolstering our confidence was the fact
that the outlines of the toy story L plot had already been worked out by john lasseter and
the original toy story team: by mistake, woody would be sold at a yard sale to a toy collector
who-to preserve the toys' value-locked them away, never to be played with again, in order
to sell them to a museum in japan. the characters were known, the look was established, the
technical crew was experienced and nimble, and we as a company had a fuller understanding
of the filmmaking process. we thought we had it figured out.
we were wrong.
a year into production, i began to notice signs of trouble. mainly, the directors were
lobbing a continuous stream of requests for more "john time"-seeking to get on his calendar
to pick his brain. this was worrisome. to me, it signaled that, as talented as the toy story L
directors were individually, they lacked confidence and weren't gelling as a team.
and then there were the reels. at pixar, our directors gather every few months to screen
"reels" of their film-spliced-together drawings, paired with what's called "temp" music and
voices. first reels are a very rough approximation of what the final product will beU they're
flawed and messy, no matter how good the team is that's making them. but looking at them is
the only way to see what needs fixing. you cannot judge a team by the early reels. you do
hope, however, that over time, the reels get better. in this case, they weren't getting better-months would pass, and the reels were still varying degrees of bad. alarmed, some of us
shared our worries with john and the original toy story creative team. they advised us to
give it more time, to trust the process.
only after a bug's life opened on thanksgiving weekend KSSR did john finally have the
time to sit down and take a hard look at what the toy story L directors had produced up to
that point. he went into one of our screening rooms to watch the reels. a couple of hours
later, he emerged, walked right into my office, and shut the door. disaster is the word he
used. the story was hollow, predictable, without tensionU the humor fell flat. we'd gone to
disney and insisted on swinging for the fences, rejecting the idea of settling for a b-level
product. now we wondered: were we doing just that? there was no question that we couldn't
go forward with the film as it was. this was a full-fledged crisis.
before we could come up with a plan for fixing it, however, a meeting at disney loomed-a
previously scheduled screening to keep the disney executives in the toy story L loop. in
december, andrew Bwho often functioned as john's right hand, took the deeply flawed
version of the film down to burbank. a group of executives gathered in one of the screening
rooms, the lights went down, and andrew sat there, gritting his teeth, waiting for it to end.
when the lights came up, he jumped right in.
"we know the film needs major changes," he said. "and we're in the process of mapping
them out."
to his surprise, the disney execs disagreed-the movie was good enough, and besides,
there wasn't time to do an overhaul. it's only a sequel. politely but firmly, andrew demurred.
"we're going to redo it," he said.
back at pixar, john told everyone to get some rest over the holidays, because starting
january L, we were re-boarding the entire movie. together, we sought to send a swift, clear
message: righting this ship would require all hands on deck.
but first, we had to make a difficult decision. it was obvious that to save the film, a change
was needed at the top. this would be the first time i would have to tell the directors of a filmthat we were replacing them, and it was anything but easy. neither john nor i relished
breaking the news that they were out and that john would now be taking over on toy story
L. but it had to be done. we couldn't lobby disney for the chance to make a theatrical
release, insist on our excellence, and then deliver something subpar.
the directors were shaken, and so were we. in a sense, we had failed them-causing them
pain by putting them in a position they weren't ready for. our role in that failure required
some soul searching on my part. what was it that we missed? what led us to make such
flawed assumptions, and to fail to intervene when the evidence was mounting that the filmwas in trouble? it was the first time we gave a position to someone believing they could do it,
only to find that they couldn't. i wanted to understand why. while i pondered these things,
the press of deadline forced us to move forward. we had nine months to deliver the film-not
nearly enough time, even for the most experienced crew. but we were determined. it was
unthinkable that we not do our best.
our first job was fixing the story. addressing its flaws would be the responsibility of a
group that had emerged organically during the making of toy story. the members of this
group, which at some point we'd started calling the braintrust, were proven problem solvers
who worked magnificently together to dissect scenes that were falling flat. i'll say more about
the braintrust and how it functions in the next chapter, but its most important characteristic
was an ability to analyze the emotional beats of a movie without any of its members
themselves getting emotional or defensive. to be clear, this wasn't a group that we had set
out to create. but it was an enormous help to the company. the group would later expand,
but at this point it consisted of just five members: john, andrew stanton, pete docter, joe
ranft, and lee unkrich, a virtuosic editor from a small town in ohio whose name sounds
straight out of a pixar movie: chagrin falls. lee had joined us in KSSN and had quickly
become known for his superb sense of timing. now, john tapped him as co-director of toy
story L. the next nine months would be the most grueling production schedule we would
ever undertake-the crucible in which pixar's true identity was forged.
as john and his creative team went to work, i considered the stark reality we faced. we were
asking our people to pull off the cinematic equivalent of a heart transplant. we had less than
a year before toy story L was due in theaters. getting it there in time would drive our
workforce to the breaking point, and there would surely be a price to pay for that. but i also
believed that the alternative-acceptance of mediocrity-would have consequences that were
far more destructive.
the most fundamental problem with the film, when john first called his team together, was
that it was an escape saga with a predictable, and not very emotional, arc. the story, which
took place about three years after the events in toy story, revolved around whether woody
would choose to flee the pampered and protected Bbut isolated, existence-the life of a
"collectible"-that al, the collector, had forced upon him. would he or would he not fight for
the chance to go home to his original owner, andy? for the film to work, viewers would have
to believe that the choice woody was weighing-whether to return to a world where andy
will someday outgrow and discard him or to remain in a place of security, with no one to love
him-was real. but since viewers knew that this film was from pixar and disney, they would
just assume that there would be a happy ending-meaning that woody would choose to go
back to reunite with andy. what the film needed were reasons to believe that woody was
facing a real dilemma, and one that viewers could relate to. what it needed, in other words,
was drama.
the movie always began with woody preparing to go to cowboy camp with andy, only to
suffer a rip in his arm that caused andy to leave him behind Band andy's mother to put himaway on a shelf,. at this point, the braintrust made the first of two key changes: they added
a character named wheezy the penguin, who tells woody that he has been on that same shelf
for months because of a broken squeaker. wheezy introduces the idea early on that no matter
how cherished, when a toy gets damaged, it is likely to be shelved, tossed aside-maybe for
good. wheezy, then, establishes the emotional stakes of the story.
the second fundamental tweak the braintrust made was to beef up the story of jessie, a
cowgirl doll who had loved her little girl owner, just as woody loved andy, only to be
abandoned when the girl outgrew her toys. jessie's message to woody-which would now be
wrenchingly told in a montage sequence, accompanied by the sarah mclachlan song "when
she loved me"-was that no matter what you want or how much you care, andy is someday
going to put away childish things. jessie picks up the theme that wheezy set in motion, and
her sassy interactions with woody allow that theme-once implicit-to be discussed openly.
with the addition of wheezy and jessie, woody's choice became more fraught: he could
stay with someone he loves, knowing that he will eventually be discarded, or he could flee to
a world where he could be pampered forever, but without the love that he was built for. that
is a real choice, a real question. the way the creative team phrased it to each other was:
would you choose to live forever without love? when you can feel the agony of that choice,
you have a movie.
while woody would choose andy in the end, he would make that choice with the
awareness that doing so guaranteed future sadness. "i can't stop andy from growing up," he
tells stinky pete the prospector. "but i wouldn't miss it for the world."
with the story reconceived, the entire company gathered one morning in the lunchroom of
a building we had taken over across the street from our original warehouse in point
richmond. the name of this annex, which we'd commandeered as the company grew, was
frogtown Bthe site had once been a marsh,. at the appointed time, john walked to the front
of the room and pitched the new, more emotionally wrenching throughline of toy story L to
our colleagues, who applauded when he was done. in another, smaller meeting with just the
toy story L crew, steve jobs added his endorsement. "disney doesn't think we can do this,"
he said. "so let's prove them wrong."
then the heavy lifting began.
for the next six months, our employees rarely saw their families. we worked deep into the
night, seven days a week. despite two hit movies, we were conscious of the need to prove
ourselves, and everyone gave everything they had. with several months still to go, the staff
was exhausted and starting to fray.
one morning in june, an overtired artist drove to work with his infant child strapped into
the backseat, intending to deliver the baby to day care on the way. some time later, after he'd
been at work for a few hours, his wife Balso a pixar employee, happened to ask him how
drop-off had gone-which is when he realized that he'd left their child in the car in the
broiling pixar parking lot. they rushed out to find the baby unconscious and poured cold
water over him immediately. thankfully, the child was okay, but the trauma of this moment
-the what-could-have-been-was imprinted deeply on my brain. asking this much of our
people, even when they wanted to give it, was not acceptable. i had expected the road to be
rough, but i had to admit that we were coming apart. by the time the film was complete, a
full third of the staff would have some kind of repetitive stress injury.
in the end, we would meet our deadline-and release our third hit film. critics raved that
toy story L was one of the only sequels ever to outshine the original, and the total box office
would eventually top 'OJJ million. everyone was fried to the core, yet there was also a
feeling that despite all the pain, we had pulled off something important, something that
would define pixar for years to come.
as lee unkrich says, "we had done the impossible. we had done the thing that everyone
told us we couldn't do. and we had done it spectacularly well. it was the fuel that has
continued to burn in all of us."
the gestation of toy story L offers a number of lessons that were vital to pixar's evolution.
remember that the spine of the story-woody's dilemma, to stay or to go-was the same
before and after the braintrust worked it over. one version didn't work at all, and the other
was deeply affecting. why? talented storytellers had found a way to make viewers care, and
the evolution of this storyline made it abundantly clear to me: if you give a good idea to a
mediocre team, they will screw it up. if you give a mediocre idea to a brilliant team, they will
either fix it or throw it away and come up with something better.
the takeaway here is worth repeating: getting the team right is the necessary precursor to
getting the ideas right. it is easy to say you want talented people, and you do, but the way
those people interact with one another is the real key. even the smartest people can form an
ineffective team if they are mismatched. that means it is better to focus on how a team is
performing, not on the talents of the individuals within it. a good team is made up of people
who complement each other. there is an important principle here that may seem obvious, yet
-in my experience-is not obvious at all. getting the right people and the right chemistry is
more important than getting the right idea.
this is an issue i have thought a lot about over the years. once, i was having lunch with
the president of another movie studio, who told me that his biggest problem was not finding
good peopleU it was finding good ideas. i remember being stunned when he said that-it
seemed patently false to me, in part because i'd found the exact opposite to be true on toy
story L. i resolved to test whether what seemed a given to me was, in fact, a common belief.
so for the next couple of years i made a habit, when giving talks, of posing the question to
my audience: which is more valuable, good ideas or good people? no matter whether i was
talking to retired business executives or students, to high school principals or artists, when i
asked for a show of hands, the audiences would be split OJ-OJ. Bstatisticians will tell you that
when you get a perfect split like this, it doesn't mean that half know the right answer-it
means that they are all guessing, picking at random, as if flipping a coin.,
people think so little about this that, in all these years, only one person in an audience has
ever pointed out the false dichotomy. to me, the answer should be obvious: ideas come frompeople. therefore, people are more important than ideas.
why are we confused about this? because too many of us think of ideas as being singular,
as if they float in the ether, fully formed and independent of the people who wrestle with
them. ideas, though, are not singular. they are forged through tens of thousands of decisions,
often made by dozens of people. in any given pixar film, every line of dialogue, every beam
of light or patch of shade, every sound effect is there because it contributes to the greater
whole. in the end, if you do it right, people come out of the theater and say, "a movie about
talking toys-what a clever idea;" but a movie is not one idea, it's a multitude of them. and
behind these ideas are people. this is true of products in generalU the iphone, for example, is
not a singular idea-there is a mind-boggling depth to the hardware and software that
supports it. yet too often, we see a single object and think of it as an island that exists apart
and unto itself.
to reiterate, it is the focus on people-their work habits, their talents, their values-that is
absolutely central to any creative venture. and in the wake of toy story L, i saw that more
clearly than i ever had. that clarity, in turn, led me to make some changes. looking around, i
realized we had a few traditions that didn't put people first. for example, we had a
development department, as do all movie studios, that was charged with seeking out and
developing ideas to make into films. now i saw that this made no sense. going forward, the
development department's charter would be not to develop scripts but to hire good people,
figure out what they needed, assign them to projects that matched their skills, and make sure
they functioned well together. to this day, we keep adjusting and fiddling with this model,
but the underlying goals remain the same: find, develop, and support good people, and they
in turn will find, develop, and own good ideas.
in a sense, this was related to my thinking about w. edward deming's work in japan.
though pixar didn't rely on a traditional assembly line-that is, with conveyor belts
connecting each work station-the making of a film happened in order, with each teampassing the product, or idea, off to the next, who pushed it further down the line. to ensure
quality, i believed, any person on any team needed to be able to identify a problem and, in
effect, pull the cord to stop the line. to create a culture in which this was possible, you
needed more than a cord within easy reach. you needed to show your people that you meant
it when you said that while efficiency was a goal, quality was the goal. more and more, i saw
that by putting people first-not just saying that we did, but proving that we did by the actions
we took-we were protecting that culture.
on the most basic level, toy story L was a wakeup call. going forward, the needs of a
movie could never again outweigh the needs of our people. we needed to do more to keep
them healthy. as soon as we wrapped the film, we set about addressing the needs of our
injured, stressed-out employees and coming up with strategies to prevent future deadline
pressures from hurting our workers again. these strategies went beyond ergonomically
designed workstations, yoga classes, and physical therapy. toy story L was a case study in
how something that is usually considered a plus-a motivated, workaholic workforce pulling
together to make a deadline-could destroy itself if left unchecked. though i was immensely
proud of what we had accomplished, i vowed that we would never make a film that way
again. it was management's job to take the long view, to intervene and protect our people
from their willingness to pursue excellence at all costs. not to do so would be irresponsible.
this is trickier than you might think. as a group, pixar's people take pride in their work.
they're ambitious high achievers who want to do their best and then some. on the
management side, we want the next product to be better than the last, while at the same time
we need to meet budget and schedule requirements. inspiring managers push their people to
excel. that's what we expect them to do. but when the powerful forces that create this
positive dynamic turn negative, they are hard to counteract. it's a fine line. on any film, there
are inevitable periods of extreme crunch and stress, some of which can be healthy if they
don't go on too long. but the ambitions of both managers and their teams can exacerbate
each other and become unhealthy. it is a leader's responsibility to see this, and guide it, not
exploit it.
if we are in this for the long haul, we have to take care of ourselves, support healthy habits,
and encourage our employees to have fulfilling lives outside of work. moreover, everyone's
home lives change as they-and their children, if they have them-age. this means creating a
culture in which taking maternity or paternity leave is not seen as an impediment to career
advancement. that may not sound revolutionary, but at many companies, parents know that
taking that leave comes at a costU a truly committed employee, they are wordlessly told, wants
to be at work. that's not true at pixar.
supporting your employees means encouraging them to strike a balance not merely by
saying, "be balanced;" but also by making it easier for them to achieve balance. Bhaving a
swimming pool, a volleyball court, and a soccer field on-site tells our workers that we value
exercise and a life beyond the desk., but leadership also means paying close attention to everchanging dynamics in the workplace. for example, when our younger employees-those
without families-work longer hours than those who are parents, we must be mindful not to
compare the output of these two groups without being mindful of the context. i'm not talking
just about the health of our employees hereU i'm talking about their long-term productivity
and happiness. investing in this stuff pays dividends down the line.
i know of one gaming company in los angeles that had a stated goal of turning over KO
percent of its workforce every year. the reasoning behind such a policy was that productivity
shoots up when you hire smart, hungry kids fresh out of school and work them to death.
attrition was inevitable under such conditions, but that was okay, because the company's
needs outweighed those of the worker. did it work? sure, maybe. to a point. but if you ask
me, that kind of thinking is not just misguided, it is immoral. at pixar, i have made it known
that we must always have the flexibility to recognize and support the need for balance in all
of our employees' lives. while all of us believed in that principle-and had from the
beginning-toy story L helped me see how those beliefs could get pushed aside in the face of
immediate pressures.
i began this chapter by talking about two phrases that, to my mind, both helped us and
deluded us in the early days of pixar. coming out of toy story, we thought that "story is
king" and "trust the process" were core principles that would carry us forward and keep us
focused-that the phrases themselves had the power to help us do better work. it's not just
pixar people who believe this, by the way. try it yourself. say to somebody in the creative
world that "story is king," and they will nod their heads vigorously. of course; it just rings
true. everyone knows how important a well-wrought, emotionally affecting storyline is to any
movie.
"story is king" differentiated us, we thought, not just because we said it but also because
we believed it and acted accordingly. as i talked to more people in the industry and learned
more about other studios, however, i found that everyone repeated some version of this
mantra-it didn't matter whether they were making a genuine work of art or complete dreck,
they all said that story is the most important thing. this was a reminder of something that
sounds obvious but isn't: merely repeating ideas means nothing. you must act-and think-accordingly. parroting the phrase "story is king" at pixar didn't help the inexperienced
directors on toy story L one bit. what i'm saying is that this guiding principle, while simply
stated and easily repeated, didn't protect us from things going wrong. in fact, it gave us false
assurance that things would be okay.
likewise, we "trusted the process," but the process didn't save toy story L either. "trust the
process" had morphed into "assume that the process will fix things for us." it gave us
solace, which we felt we needed. but it also coaxed us into letting down our guard and, in the
end, made us passive. even worse, it made us sloppy.
once this became clear to me, i began telling people that the phrase was meaningless. i
told our staff that it had become a crutch that was distracting us from engaging, in a
meaningful way, with our problems. we should trust in people, i told them, not processes. the
error we'd made was forgetting that "the process" has no agenda and doesn't have taste. it is
just a tool-a framework. we needed to take more responsibility and ownership of our own
work, our need for self-discipline, and our goals.
imagine an old, heavy suitcase whose well-worn handles are hanging by a few threads. the
handle is "trust the process" or "story is king"-a pithy statement that seems, on the face of
it, to stand for so much more. the suitcase represents all that has gone into the formation of
the phrase: the experience, the deep wisdom, the truths that emerge from struggle. too often,
we grab the handle and-without realizing it-walk off without the suitcase. what's more, we
don't even think about what we've left behind. after all, the handle is so much easier to carry
around than the suitcase.
once you're aware of the suitcaseIhandle problem, you'll see it everywhere. people glom
onto words and stories that are often just stand-ins for real action and meaning. advertisers
look for words that imply a product's value and use that as a substitute for value itself.
companies constantly tell us about their commitment to excellence, implying that this means
they will make only top-shelf products. words like quality and excellence are misapplied so
relentlessly that they border on meaningless. managers scour books and magazines looking
for greater understanding but settle instead for adopting a new terminology, thinking that
using fresh words will bring them closer to their goals. when someone comes up with a
phrase that sticks, it becomes a meme, which migrates around even as it disconnects from its
original meaning.
to ensure quality, then, excellence must be an earned word, attributed by others to us, not
proclaimed by us about ourselves. it is the responsibility of good leaders to make sure that
words remain attached to the meanings and ideals they represent.
i should say here that even as i rail against "trust the process" as a flawed motivational
tool, i still understand the need for faith in a creative context. because we are often working
to invent something that doesn't yet exist, it can be scary to come to work. early on in the
production of a film, chaos reigns. the bulk of what the directors and their teams are doing is
not cohering, and the responsibilities, pressures, and expectations are intense. how, then, do
you move forward when so little is visible and so much is unknown?
i have seen directors and writers who were stuck and could not get unstuck, because they
couldn't see where to go next. it is here that some of my colleagues have insisted that i am
wrong, that "trust the process" has meaning-they see it as code for "keep on going, even
when things look bleak." when we trust the process, they argue, we can relax, let go, take a
flyer on something radical. we can accept that any given idea may not work and yet
minimize our fear of failure because we believe we will get there in the end. when we trust
the process, we remember that we are resilient, that we've experienced discouragement
before, only to come out the other side. when we trust the process-or perhaps more
accurately, when we trust the people who use the process-we are optimistic but also
realistic. the trust comes from knowing that we are safe, that our colleagues will not judge us
for failures but will encourage us to keep pushing the boundaries. but to me, the key is not to
let this trust, our faith, lull us into the abdication of personal responsibility. when that
happens, we fall into dull repetition, producing empty versions of what was made before.
as brad bird, who joined pixar as a director in LJJJ, likes to say, "the process either
makes you or unmakes you." i like brad's way of looking at it because while it gives the
process power, it implies that we have an active role to play in it as well. katherine sarafian,
a producer who's been at pixar since toy story, tells me she prefers to envision triggering the
process over trusting it-observing it to see where it's faltering, then slapping it around a bit
to make sure it's awake. again, the individual plays the active role, not the process itself. or,
to put it another way, it is up to the individual to remember that it's okay to use the handle,
just as long as you don't forget the suitcase.
at pixar, toy story L taught us this lesson-that we must always be alert to shifting
dynamics, because our future depends on it-once and for all. begun as a direct-to-video
sequel, the project proved not only that it was important to everyone that we weren't
tolerating second-class films but also that everything we did-everything associated with our
name-needed to be good. thinking this way was not just about moraleU it was a signal to
everyone at pixar that they were part owners of the company's greatest asset-its quality.
around this time, john coined a new phrase: "quality is the best business plan." what he
meant was that quality is not a consequence of following some set of behaviors. rather, it is a
prerequisite and a mindset you must have before you decide what you are setting out to do.
everyone says quality is important, but they must do more than say it. they must live, think,
and breathe it. when our people asserted that they only wanted to make films of the highest
quality and when we pushed ourselves to the limit in order to prove our commitment to that
ideal, pixar's identity was cemented. we would be a company that would never settle. that
didn't mean that we wouldn't make mistakes. mistakes are part of creativity. but when we
did, we would strive to face them without defensiveness and with a willingness to change.
struggling through the production of toy story L twisted our heads around, causing us to look
inward, to be self-critical and to change the way we thought about ourselves. when i say this
was the defining moment for pixar, i mean it in the most dynamic sense. our need for and
embrace of introspection was just beginning.
in the next section of the book, i want to explore how that introspection developed. the
chapters revolve around the questions we would soon be tackling as a company: what is the
nature of honesty? if everyone agrees about its importance, why do we find it hard to be
frank? how do we think about our own failures and fears? is there a way to make our
managers more comfortable with unexpected results-the inevitable surprises that arise, no
matter how well you've planned? how can we address the imperative many managers feel to
overcontrol the process? with what we have learned so far, can we finally get the process
right? where are we still deluded?
these questions would continue to challenge us for years to come-indeed, even to this
day.
part ii
protecting the new
chapter O
honesty and candor
ask anyone, "should people be honest?" and of course their answer will be yes. it has to be;
saying no is to endorse dishonesty, which is like coming out against literacy or childhood
nutrition-it sounds like a moral transgression. but the fact is, there are often good reasons
not to be honest. when it comes to interacting with other people in a work environment,
there are times when we choose not to say what we really think.
this creates a dilemma. on one level, the only way to get a grip on the facts, issues, and
nuances we need to solve problems and collaborate effectively is by communicating fully and
openly, by not withholding or misleading. there is no doubt that our decision-making is
better if we are able to draw on the collective knowledge and unvarnished opinions of the
group. but as valuable as the information is that comes from honesty and as loudly as we
proclaim its importance, our own fears and instincts for self-preservation often cause us to
hold back. to address this reality, we need to free ourselves of honesty's baggage.
one way to do that is to replace the word honesty with another word that has a similar
meaning but fewer moral connotations: candor. candor is forthrightness or frankness-not so
different from honesty, really. and yet, in common usage, the word communicates not just
truth-telling but a lack of reserve. everyone knows that sometimes, being reserved is healthy,
even necessary for survival. nobody thinks that being less than candid makes you a bad
person Bwhile no one wants to be called dishonest,. people have an easier time talking about
their level of candor because they don't think they will be punished for admitting that they
sometimes hold their tongues. this is essential. you cannot address the obstacles to candor
until people feel free to say that they exist Band using the word honesty only makes it harder
to talk about those barriers,.
of course, there are sometimes legitimate reasons not to be candid. politicians, for
example, can pay a steep price for speaking too bluntly about contentious issues. ceos can
get dinged for being too open with the press or with shareholders, and they certainly don't
want competitors to know their plans. i will be less than candid at work if it means not
embarrassing or offending someone or in any number of situations where choosing my words
carefully feels like the smart strategy. but that's not to say lack of candor should be
celebrated. a hallmark of a healthy creative culture is that its people feel free to share ideas,
opinions, and criticisms. lack of candor, if unchecked, ultimately leads to dysfunctional
environments.
so how can a manager ensure that his or her working group, department, or company is
embracing candor? i look for ways to institutionalize it by putting mechanisms in place that
explicitly say it is valuable. in this chapter, we will look into the workings of one of pixar's
key mechanisms: the braintrust, which we rely upon to push us toward excellence and to root
out mediocrity. the braintrust, which meets every few months or so to assess each movie
we're making, is our primary delivery system for straight talk. its premise is simple: put
smart, passionate people in a room together, charge them with identifying and solving
problems, and encourage them to be candid with one another. people who would feel
obligated to be honest somehow feel freer when asked for their candorU they have a choice
about whether to give it, and thus, when they do give it, it tends to be genuine. the
braintrust is one of the most important traditions at pixar. it's not foolproof-sometimes its
interactions only serve to highlight the difficulties of achieving candor-but when we get it
right, the results are phenomenal. the braintrust sets the tone for everything we do.
in many ways, it is no different than any other group of creative people-within it, you will
find humility and ego, openness and generosity. it varies in size and purpose, depending on
what it has been called upon to examine. but always, its most essential element is candor.
this isn't just some pie-in-the-sky idea-without the critical ingredient that is candor, there
can be no trust. and without trust, creative collaboration is not possible.
over the years, as the braintrust has evolved, the dynamics within the group have evolved
along with it, and this has required continual attention on our part. while i attend and
participate in almost all braintrust meetings and enjoy discussing the storytelling, i see my
primary role Band that of my colleague jim morris, who is pixar's general manager, as
making sure that the compact upon which the meetings are based is protected and upheld.
this part of our job is never done because, as it turns out, you can't address or eliminate the
blocks to candor once and for all. the fear of saying something stupid and looking bad, of
offending someone or being intimidated, of retaliating or being retaliated against-they all
have a way of reasserting themselves, even once you think they've been vanquished. and
when they do, you must address them squarely.
there is some dispute about when, exactly, the braintrust came into being. that's because it
developed organically, growing out of the rare working relationship among the five men who
led and edited the production of toy story-john lasseter, andrew stanton, pete docter, lee
unkrich, and joe ranft. from pixar's earliest days, this quintet gave us a solid example of
what a highly functional working group should be. they were funny, focused, smart, and
relentlessly candid with each other. most crucially, they never allowed themselves to be
thwarted by the kinds of structural or personal issues that can render meaningful
communication in a group setting impossible. it was only when we rallied to fix toy story L,
coming together to solve a crisis, that the "braintrust" entered the pixar lexicon as an official
term.
over those nine months in KSSS, when we were rushing to reboot this broken film, the
braintrust would evolve into an enormously beneficial and efficient entity. even in its earliest
meetings, i was struck by how constructive the feedback was. each of the participants focused
on the film at hand and not on some hidden personal agenda. they argued-sometimes
heatedly-but always about the project. they were not motivated by the kinds of things-getting credit for an idea, pleasing their supervisors, winning a point just to say you did-that
too often lurk beneath the surface of work-related interactions. the members saw each other
as peers. the passion expressed in a braintrust meeting was never taken personally because
everyone knew it was directed at solving problems. and largely because of that trust and
mutual respect, its problem-solving powers were immense.
after the release of toy story L, our production slate expanded rapidly. suddenly, we had
several projects going at once, which meant that we couldn't have the same five people
working exclusively on every film. we were not a little startup anymore. pete was off working
on monsters, inc., andrew had started finding nemo, and brad bird had joined us to begin
work on the incredibles. the braintrust had to evolve, then, from a tight, well-defined group
that worked on one film together until it was done to a larger, more fluid group that
assembled, as needed, to solve problems on all our films. while we still called it the
braintrust, there was no hard-and-fast membership list. over the years, its ranks have grown
to include a variety of people-directors, writers, and heads of story-whose only
requirement is that they display a knack for storytelling. Bamong those talented additions:
mary coleman, the head of pixar's story departmentU development executives kiel murray
and karen paikU and writers michael arndt, meg lefauve, and victoria strouse., the one
thing that has never changed is the demand for candor-which, while its value seems
obvious, is harder to achieve than one might think.
let's imagine that you just joined a braintrust meeting for the first time and sat down in a
room full of smart and experienced people to discuss a film that has just been screened. there
are many good reasons to be careful about what you say, right? you want to be polite, you
want to respect or defer to others, and you don't want to embarrass yourself or come off as
having all the answers. before you speak up, no matter how self-assured you are, you will
check yourself: is this a good idea or a stupid one? how many times am i allowed to say
something stupid before others begin to doubt me? can i tell the director that his protagonist
is unlikable or that his second act is incomprehensible? it's not that you want to be dishonest
or to withhold from others. at this stage, you aren't even thinking about candor. you're
thinking about not looking like an idiot.
compounding matters is the fact that you aren't the only one who's struggling with these
doubts. everyone isU societal conditioning discourages telling the truth to those perceived to
be in higher positions. then there's human nature. the more people there are in the room,
the more pressure there is to perform well. strong and confident people can intimidate their
colleagues, subconsciously signaling that they aren't interested in negative feedback or
criticism that challenges their thinking. when the stakes are high and there is a sense that
people in the room don't understand a director's project, it can feel to that director like
everything they've worked so hard on is in jeopardy, under attack. their brains go into
overdrive, reading all of the subtexts and fighting off the perceived threats to what they've
built. when so much is on the line, the barriers to truly candid discussions are formidable.
and yet, candor could not be more crucial to our creative process. why? because early on,
all of our movies suck. that's a blunt assessment, i know, but i make a point of repeating it
often, and i choose that phrasing because saying it in a softer way fails to convey how bad the
first versions of our films really are. i'm not trying to be modest or self-effacing by saying
this. pixar films are not good at first, and our job is to make them so-to go, as i say, "from
suck to not-suck." this idea-that all the movies we now think of as brilliant were, at one
time, terrible-is a hard concept for many to grasp. but think about how easy it would be for
a movie about talking toys to feel derivative, sappy, or overtly merchandise-driven. think
about how off-putting a movie about rats preparing food could be, or how risky it must've
seemed to start wall-e with MS dialogue-free minutes. we dare to attempt these stories, but
we don't get them right on the first pass. and this is as it should be. creativity has to start
somewhere, and we are true believers in the power of bracing, candid feedback and the
iterative process-reworking, reworking, and reworking again, until a flawed story finds its
throughline or a hollow character finds its soul.
as i've discussed, first we draw storyboards of the script and then edit them together with
temporary voices and music to make a crude mock-up of the film, known as reels. then the
braintrust watches this version of the movie and discusses what's not ringing true, what could
be better, what's not working at all. notably, they do not prescribe how to fix the problems
they diagnose. they test weak points, they make suggestions, but it is up to the director to
settle on a path forward. a new version of the movie is generated every three to six months,
and the process repeats itself. Bit takes about twelve thousand storyboard drawings to make
one SJ-minute reel, and because of the iterative nature of the process i'm describing, story
teams commonly create ten times that number by the time their work is done., in general, the
movie steadily improves with each iteration, although sometimes a director becomes stuck,
unable to address the feedback he or she is being given. luckily, another braintrust meeting is
usually around the corner.
to understand what the braintrust does and why it is so central to pixar, you have to start
with a basic truth: people who take on complicated creative projects become lost at some
point in the process. it is the nature of things-in order to create, you must internalize and
almost become the project for a while, and that near-fusing with the project is an essential
part of its emergence. but it is also confusing. where once a movie's writerIdirector had
perspective, he or she loses it. where once he or she could see a forest, now there are only
trees. the details converge to obscure the whole, and that makes it difficult to move forward
substantially in any one direction. the experience can be overwhelming.
all directors, no matter how talented, organized, or clear of vision, become lost somewhere
along the way. that creates a problem for those who seek to give helpful feedback. how do
you get a director to address a problem he or she cannot see? the answer depends, of course,
on the situation. the director may be right about the potential impact of his central idea, but
maybe he simply hasn't set it up well enough for the braintrust to understand that. maybe he
doesn't realize that much of what he thinks is visible on screen is, in fact, only visible in his
own head. or maybe the ideas presented in the reels don't work and won't ever work, and the
only path forward is to blow something up or start over. no matter what, the process of
coming to clarity takes patience and candor.
in hollywood, studio executives typically communicate their criticisms of an early cut of a
film by giving extensive "notes" to the director. the movie will be screened and suggestions
will be typed up and delivered a few days later. the problem is, directors don't want the
notes, because they are usually coming from people who aren't filmmakers and are seen as
ignorant and interfering. there is a built-in tension, then, between directors and the studios
that employ themU to put it in stark terms, the studios are paying the bills and want the films
to be commercially successful, while the directors want to preserve their artistic vision. i
should add that some notes offered by studio executives are quite astute-people outside of
the production can often see more clearly. but when you add oft-held resentments about
input from "non-creative" people to how difficult it is to be a director in the first place-presiding over a project that, as i've said, sucks for months before it gets good-this tension
makes it difficult to bridge the divide between art and commerce.
which is why we don't give notes this way at pixar. we have developed our own model,
based on our determination to be a filmmaker-led studio. that does not mean there is no
hierarchy here. it means that we try to create an environment where people want to hear
each other's notes, even when those notes are challenging, and where everyone has a vested
interest in one another's success. we give our filmmakers both freedom and responsibility.
for example, we believe that the most promising stories are not assigned to filmmakers but
emerge from within them. with few exceptions, our directors make movies that they have
conceived of and are burning to make. then, because we know that this passion will at some
point blind them to their movie's inevitable problems, we offer them the counsel of the
braintrust.
you may be thinking, how is the braintrust different from any other feedback mechanism?
there are two key differences, as i see it. the first is that the braintrust is made up of
people with a deep understanding of storytelling and, usually, people who have been through
the process themselves. while the directors welcome critiques from many sources along the
way Band in fact, when our films are screened in-house, all pixar employees are asked to send
notes,, they particularly prize feedback from fellow directors and storytellers.
the second difference is that the braintrust has no authority. this is crucial: the director
does not have to follow any of the specific suggestions given. after a braintrust meeting, it is
up to him or her to figure out how to address the feedback. braintrust meetings are not topdown, do-this-or-else affairs. by removing from the braintrust the power to mandate
solutions, we affect the dynamics of the group in ways i believe are essential.
while problems in a film are fairly easy to identify, the sources of those problems are often
extraordinarily difficult to assess. a mystifying plot twist or a less-than-credible change of
heart in our main character is often caused by subtle, underlying issues elsewhere in the
story. think of it like a patient complaining of knee pain that stems from his fallen arches. if
you operated on the knee, it wouldn't just fail to alleviate the pain, it could easily compound
it. to alleviate the pain, you have to identify and deal with the root of the problem. the
braintrust's notes, then, are intended to bring the true causes of problems to the surface-not
to demand a specific remedy.
moreover, we don't want the braintrust to solve a director's problem because we believe
that, in all likelihood, our solution won't be as good as the one the director and his or her
creative team comes up with. we believe that ideas-and thus, films-only become great
when they are challenged and tested. in academia, peer review is the process by which
professors are evaluated by others in their field. i like to think of the braintrust as pixar's
version of peer review, a forum that ensures we raise our game-not by being prescriptive
but by offering candor and deep analysis.
that doesn't mean it doesn't get tough sometimes. naturally, every director would prefer to
be told that his film is a masterpiece. but because of the way the braintrust is structured, the
pain of being told that flaws are apparent or revisions are needed is minimized. rarely does a
director get defensive, because no one is pulling rank or telling the filmmaker what to do.
the film itself-not the filmmaker-is under the microscope. this principle eludes most
people, but it is critical: you are not your idea, and if you identify too closely with your ideas,
you will take offense when they are challenged. to set up a healthy feedback system, you
must remove power dynamics from the equation-you must enable yourself, in other words,
to focus on the problem, not the person.
here's how it works: on an appointed morning, the braintrust gathers for a screening of the
film-in-progress. after the screening, we head for a conference room, have some lunch, gather
our thoughts, and sit down to talk. the director and producer of the film give a summary of
where they think they are. "we've locked down the first act, but we know the second act is
still gelling," they'll say. or "the ending still isn't connecting like we want it to." then, the
feedback usually begins with john. while everyone has an equal voice in a braintrust
meeting, john sets the tone, calling out the sequences he liked best, identifying some themes
and ideas he thinks need to be improved. that's all it takes to launch the back-and-forth.
everybody jumps in with observations about the film's strengths and weaknesses.
before we get to the forces that shape that discussion, let's take a moment to look at things
from the filmmakers' point of view. to a one, they regard these sessions as essential. michael
arndt, who wrote toy story M, says he thinks to make a great film, its makers must pivot, at
some point, from creating the story for themselves to creating it for others. to him, the
braintrust provides that pivot, and it is necessarily painful. "part of the suffering involves
giving up control," he says. "i can think it's the funniest joke in the world, but if nobody in
that room laughs, i have to take it out. it hurts that they can see something you can't."
rich moore, whose first animated feature for disney was wreck-it ralph, likens the
braintrust to a bunch of people who are each working on their own puzzles. Bsince john and i
took over at disney animation, that studio has adopted this tradition of candor as well.,
somehow, and perhaps especially because they have less invested, a director who's struggling
with his own dilemmas can see another director's struggles more clearly than his own. "it's
like i can put my crossword puzzle away and help you with your rubik's cube a little bit," is
how he puts it.
bob peterson, a member of the braintrust who has helped write Band provide voices for,
eleven pixar films, uses another analogy to describe the braintrust. he calls it "the grand eye
of sauron"-a reference to the lidless, all-seeing character in the lord of the rings trilogy-because when it focuses on you, there's no avoiding its gaze.
but the braintrust is benevolent. it wants to help. and it has no selfish agenda.
andrew stanton, who has been on the giving or the receiving end of almost every
braintrust meeting we've ever had, likes to say that if pixar is a hospital and the movies are
the patients, then the braintrust is made up of trusted doctors. in this analogy, it's important
to remember that the movie's director and producer are doctors, too. it's as if they've
gathered a panel of consulting experts to help find an accurate diagnosis for an extremely
confounding case. but ultimately, it's the filmmakers, and no one else, who will make the
final decisions about the wisest course of treatment.
jonas rivera, who started as an office assistant on toy story and has gone on to produce
two films for us, alters andrew's hospital analogy slightly, adding this: if the movies are
patients, then they are in utero when the braintrust first evaluates them. "the braintrust
meetings," he says, "are where the movie is born."
to get a clearer sense of how candor is delivered at pixar, i want to take you inside a
braintrust meeting. this one followed an early screening of a pete docter film, then known as
the untitled pixar movie that takes you inside the mind. the premise for the film had emerged
straight out of pete's cranium, and it was predictably ambitious, layered, and complex.
already, pete and his team had spent months hashing out whose mind, exactly, he was going
to take viewers inside of and what those viewers would ultimately find when they got there.
as braintrusts go, this was a crowded one, with about twenty people at the table and fifteen
more in chairs against the walls. everyone grabbed plates of food on the way in and, after a
little small talk, got down to business.
earlier, before the screening, pete had described what they'd come up with so far in terms
of the overall conceit of the film and the specific story points that he hoped would connect
with the audience. "what's inside the mind?" he asked his colleagues. "your emotions-and
we've worked really hard to make these characters look the way those emotions feel. we have
our main character, an emotion called joy, who is effervescent. she literally glows when she's
excited. then we have fear. he thinks of himself as confident and suave, but he's a little raw
nerve and tends to freak out. the other characters are anger, sadness-her shape is inspired
by teardrops-and disgust, who basically turns up her nose at everything. and all these guys
work at what we call head-quarters."
that got a laugh-as did many scenes in the roughed-out ten-minute preview that followed,
which everyone agreed had the potential to be, like pete's previous film up, among our most
original and affecting. as i've said, pete is superb at teasing out subtle moments that are both
funny and emotionally authentic, and this idea of bringing a person's competing emotions to
life was inspired, rich with possibility. but as the braintrust came to life, there seemed to be a
consensus that one of the movie's major scenes-an argument between two characters about
why certain memories fade while others burn bright forever-was too minor to sufficiently
connect audiences to the profound ideas the film was attempting to tackle.
pete is a big guy-P foot N-but despite his size, he projects an undaunted gentleness.
this was in evidence in the conference room now, as he listened to us parse what was amiss
in this pivotal scene. his face was open, not pained. he'd been through this many times
before, and he believed in its power to help him get where he was trying to go.
midway down the table, brad bird shifted in his chair. brad joined pixar in LJJJ, after
having written and directed the iron giant at warner bros., and his first movie for us was the
incredibles, which opened in LJJN. brad is a born rebel who fights against creative conformity
in any guise. the smell of artistic victory is his drug, and with his rapid, high-energy delivery,
he will turn almost everything into a battle to win for the cause of creativity Beven if there
isn't anybody around to fight,. so it was no surprise that he was among the first to articulate
his worries about the core of the story feeling too slight. "i understand that you want to keep
this simple and relatable," he told pete, "but i think we need something that your audience
can get a little more invested in."
andrew stanton spoke next. andrew is fond of saying that people need to be wrong as fast
as they can. in a battle, if you're faced with two hills and you're unsure which one to attack,
he says, the right course of action is to hurry up and choose. if you find out it's the wrong
hill, turn around and attack the other one. in that scenario, the only unacceptable course of
action is running between the hills. now, he seemed to be suggesting that pete and his team
had stormed the wrong hill. "i think you need to spend more time settling on the rules of
your imagined world," he said.
every pixar movie has its own rules that viewers have to accept, understand, and enjoy
understanding. the voices of the toys in the toy story films, for example, are never audible to
humans. the rats in ratatouille walk on four paws, like normal vermin, except for remy, our
star, whose upright posture sets him apart. in pete's film, one of the rules-at least at this
point-was that memories Bdepicted as glowing glass globes, were stored in the brain by
traveling through a maze of chutes into a kind of archive. when retrieved or remembered,
they'd roll back down another tangle of chutes, like bowling balls being returned to bowlers
at the alley.
that particular construct was elegant and effective, but andrew suggested that another rule
needed to be firmed up and clarified: how memories and emotions change over time, as the
brain gets older. this was the moment in the film, andrew said, to establish some key themes.
listening to this, i remembered how in toy story L, the addition of wheezy immediately
helped establish the idea that damaged toys could be discarded, left to sit, unloved, on the
shelf. andrew felt there was a similarly impactful opportunity here that was being missed-and, thus, was keeping the film from working-and he said so candidly. "pete, this movie is
about the inevitability of change," he said. "and of growing up."
this set brad off. "a lot of us in this room have not grown up-and i mean that in the best
way," he said. "the conundrum is how to become mature, how to take on responsibility and
become reliable while at the same time preserving your childlike wonder. people have come
up to me many times, as i'm sure has happened to many people in this room, and said, gee, i
wish i could be creative like you. that would be something, to be able to draw.' but i believe
that everyone begins with the ability to draw. kids are instinctively there. but a lot of them
unlearn it. or people tell them they can't or it's impractical. so yes, kids have to grow up, but
maybe there's a way to suggest that they could be better off if they held onto some of their
childish ideas.
"pete, the thing i want to give you a huge round of applause for is: this is a frickin' big idea
to try to make a movie about," brad continued, his voice full of affection. "i've said to you on
previous films, you're trying to do a triple back flip into a gale force wind, and you're mad at
yourself for not sticking the landing. like, it's amazing you're alive.' what you're doing with
this film is the same-and it's the kind of thing that nobody else in the movie industry is
doing with a sizable budget. so, huge round of applause." brad paused as everyone clapped.
then he grinned at pete, who grinned back. "and you're in for a world of hurt," brad said.
an important corollary to the assertion that the braintrust must be candid is that
filmmakers must be ready to hear the truthU candor is only valuable if the person on the
receiving end is open to it and willing, if necessary, to let go of things that don't work. jonas
rivera, the producer of pete's film, tries to make that painful process easier by doing
something he calls "headlining" the main points of a braintrust session for whichever director
he's assisting-distilling the many observations down to a digestible takeaway. once this
braintrust meeting wrapped up, this is exactly what he did for pete, ticking off the areas that
seemed the most problematic, reminding him of the scenes that resonated most. "so what do
we blow up?" jonas asked. "what do we go backwards on? and what do you love? is what
you loved about the film different now than it was when we started?"
"the way the movie opens," pete responded, "i love."
jonas raised his hand in a salute. "okay, that's the movie, then," he said. "how we set up
the story has to handshake with that."
"i agree," pete said.
they were on their way.
frank talk, spirited debate, laughter, and love. if i could distill a braintrust meeting down to
its most essential ingredients, those four things would surely be among them. but newcomers
often notice something else first: the volume. routinely, braintrust attendees become so
energized and excited that they talk over each other, and voices tend to rise. i'll admit that
there have been times when outsiders think they've witnessed a heated argument or even
some kind of intervention. they haven't-though i understand their confusion, which stems
from their inability Bafter such a brief visit, to grasp the braintrust's intent. a lively debate in
a braintrust meeting is not being waged in the hopes of any one person winning the day. to
the extent there is "argument," it seeks only to excavate the truth.
that is part of the reason why steve jobs didn't come to braintrust meetings at pixar-a
mutually agreed prohibition, based on my belief that his bigger-than-life presence would
make it harder to be candid. we had reached this agreement way back in KSSM, on a day that
i happened to be visiting microsoft, and steve reached me by phone, worried that i was being
wooed to take a job there. i had no intention of working at microsoft, and it wasn't why i was
there, but i knew he was nervous, and i took the opportunity to exert some leverage. "this
group works well together," i told him of the braintrust. "but if you go to its meetings it will
change what they are." he agreed, and believing that john and the story people knew more
about narrative than he did, he left it to them. at apple, he had the reputation for being
deeply involved in the most minute detail of every product, but at pixar, he didn't believe
that his instincts were better than the people here, so he stayed out. that's how much candor
matters at pixar: it overrides hierarchy.
braintrust meetings require giving candid notes, but they do a great deal more than that.
the most productive creative sessions allow for the exploration of myriad trains of thought.
take wall-e, for example, which was known, early on, as trash planet. for a long time, that
movie ended with our googly-eyed trash compactor robot saving his beloved droid, eve, fromdestruction in a dumpster. but there was something about that ending that nagged, that never
quite felt right. we had countless discussions about it, but andrew stanton, the director, was
having difficulty putting his finger on what was wrong, let alone finding a solution. the
confusing thing was that the romantic plotline seemed right. of course wall-e would save
eve-he'd fallen in love with her the moment he saw her. in a sense, that was precisely the
flaw. and it was brad bird who pointed that out to andrew in a braintrust meeting. "you've
denied your audience the moment they've been waiting for," he said, "the moment where
eve throws away all her programming and goes all out to save wall-e. give it to them. the
audience wants it." as soon as brad said that, it was like: bing; after the meeting, andrew
went off and wrote an entirely new ending in which eve saves wall-e, and at the next
screening, there wasn't a dry eye in the house.
michael arndt remembers it was andrew, meanwhile, who gave a braintrust note on toy
story M that fundamentally altered the end of that movie's second act. at that point in the
film, lotso-the pink teddy bear and mean-spirited leader of the day-care center toys-is
overthrown after the toys mutiny. but the problem was, the mutiny wasn't believable,
because the impetus behind it didn't ring true. "in that draft," michael told me, "i had woody
giving this big, heroic speech about what a mean guy lotso was, and it changed everyone's
mind about lotso. but in the braintrust, andrew said, nope, i don't buy it. these toys aren't
stupid. they know lotso isn't a good guy. they've only aligned themselves with him because
he's the most powerful.' " this sparked a pitched discussion in the room, until, finally,
michael hit on an analogy: if you think of lotso as stalin and the other toys as his cowering
subjects, then big baby-the bald-headed doll with one droopy eye who acts as lotso's
enforcer-was stalin's army. at that point, a fix began to emerge at last. "if you flip the army,
then you can get rid of stalin," michael said. "so the question was, what can woody do that
will turn big baby's sympathies against lotso? that was the problem i faced."
the solution-a reveal of a previously unknown injustice: that lotso's duplicity had led big
baby to be abandoned by his little girl owner-was all michael's, but he never would have
found it if not for the braintrust.
it is natural for people to fear that such an inherently critical environment will feel
threatening and unpleasant, like a trip to the dentist. the key is to look at the viewpoints
being offered, in any successful feedback group, as additive, not competitive. a competitive
approach measures other ideas against your own, turning the discussion into a debate to be
won or lost. an additive approach, on the other hand, starts with the understanding that each
participant contributes something Beven if it's only an idea that fuels the discussion-and
ultimately doesn't work,. the braintrust is valuable because it broadens your perspective,
allowing you to peer-at least briefly-through others' eyes.
brad bird has a terrific example of exactly this-an instance when the braintrust helped
him fix something he didn't realize was a problem. it was during production on the
incredibles, when people raised concerns about a scene in which helen and bob parr Ba.k.a.
elastigirl and mr. incredible, are having an argument. many people in the braintrust thought
the scene, in which bob is caught sneaking into his house late one night after doing a little
superhero moonlighting, felt all wrong. what brad likes best about this example is that the
braintrust helped him find a solution even though it failed to diagnose what was truly amiss;
the fix that was suggested in the braintrust session wasn't the right one-and yet, brad says
that it helped him immensely.
"sometimes the braintrust will know something's wrong, but they will identify the wrong
symptom," he told me. "i knew what the film's tone was-i had pitched the tone, and
everybody bought the tone that was pitched. but this was one of the first scenes that the
braintrust was seeing illustrated, with voices. and i think they were privately thinking, are
we doing a bergman film? bob was yelling at helen, and the note i got was, god, it seems
like he's bullying her. i really don't like him. you've got to rewrite it.' so i go in to rewrite it,
and i look at it, and think, no, that is what he would say. and that is how she would
respond.' i don't want to change a damn thing-but i know i can't say that, because
something's not working. and then i realize the problem: physically, bob is the size of a
house, and helen is this little tiny thing. even though helen is his equal, what you're seeing
on the screen is this big threatening guy yelling and it felt like he was abusing her. once i
figured that out, all i did was have helen stretch when she holds her ground and says, this is
not about you.' i didn't change any of the dialogue. i just changed the drawings to make her
body bigger, as if to say, i'm a match for you.' and when i played the revised scene, the
braintrust said, that's much better. what lines did you change?' i said, i didn't change a
comma.' that's an example of the group knowing something was wrong, but not having the
solution. i had to go deep and ask, if the dialogue is not wrong, what is?' and then i saw it:
oh, that."
in the very early days of pixar, john, andrew, pete, lee, and joe made a promise to one
another. no matter what happened, they would always tell each other the truth. they did this
because they recognized how important and rare candid feedback is and how, without it, our
films would suffer. then and now, the term we use to describe this kind of constructive
criticism is "good notes."
a good note says what is wrong, what is missing, what isn't clear, what makes no sense. a
good note is offered at a timely moment, not too late to fix the problem. a good note doesn't
make demandsU it doesn't even have to include a proposed fix. but if it does, that fix is offered
only to illustrate a potential solution, not to prescribe an answer. most of all, though, a good
note is specific. "i'm writhing with boredom," is not a good note.
as andrew stanton says, "there's a difference between criticism and constructive criticism.
with the latter, you're constructing at the same time that you're criticizing. you're building as
you're breaking down, making new pieces to work with out of the stuff you've just ripped
apart. that's an art form in itself. i always feel like whatever notes you're giving should
inspire the recipient-like, how do i get that kid to want to redo his homework?' so, you've
got to act like a teacher. sometimes you talk about the problems in fifty different ways until
you find that one sentence that you can see makes their eyes pop, as if they're thinking, oh, i
want to do it.' instead of saying, the writing in this scene isn't good enough,' you say, don't
you want people to walk out of the theater and be quoting those lines?' it's more of a
challenge. isn't this what you want? i want that too;' "
telling the truth is difficult, but inside a creative company, it is the only way to ensure
excellence. it is the job of the manager to watch the dynamics in the room, although
sometimes a director will come in after a meeting to say that some people were holding back.
in these cases, the solution is often to convene a smaller group-a sort of mini-braintrust-to
encourage more direct communication by limiting the number of participants. other times
there are problems that require special attention, people dodging and weaving without even
knowing it. in my experience, people usually don't intend to be evasive, and a gentle nudge is
all it takes to put them back on the right path.
candor isn't cruel. it does not destroy. on the contrary, any successful feedback system is
built on empathy, on the idea that we are all in this together, that we understand your pain
because we've experienced it ourselves. the need to stroke one's own ego, to get the credit
we feel we deserve-we strive to check those impulses at the door. the braintrust is fueled by
the idea that every note we give is in the service of a common goal: supporting and helping
each other as we try to make better movies.
it would be a mistake to think that merely gathering a bunch of people in a room for a
candid discussion every couple of months will automatically cure your company's ills. first, it
takes a while for any group to develop the level of trust necessary to be truly candid, to
express reservations and criticisms without fear of reprisal, and to learn the language of good
notes. second, even the most experienced braintrust can't help people who don't understand
its philosophies, who refuse to hear criticism without getting defensive, or who don't have the
talent to digest feedback, reset, and start again. third, as i'll discuss in later chapters, the
braintrust is something that evolves over time. creating a braintrust is not something you do
once and then check off your to-do list. even when populated with talented and generous
people, there is plenty that can go wrong. dynamics change-between people, between
departments-and so the only way to ensure that your braintrust is doing its job is to watch
and protect it continually, making adaptations as needed.
i want to stress that you don't have to work at pixar to create a braintrust. every creative
person, no matter their field, can draft into service those around them who exhibit the right
mixture of intelligence, insight, and grace. "you can and should make your own solution
group," andrew stanton says, adding that on each of his own films, he has made a point of
doing this on a smaller scale, separate from the official braintrust. "here are the
qualifications required: the people you choose must Ba, make you think smarter and Bb, put
lots of solutions on the table in a short amount of time. i don't care who it is, the janitor or
the intern or one of your most trusted lieutenants: if they can help you do that, they should
be at the table."
believe me, you don't want to be at a company where there is more candor in the hallways
than in the rooms where fundamental ideas or matters of policy are being hashed out. the
best inoculation against this fate? seek out people who are willing to level with you, and
when you find them, hold them close.
chapter P
fear and failure
the production of toy story M could be a master class in how to make a film. at the
beginning of the process, in LJJ:, the team that had made the original toy story gathered for
a two-day off-site in a rustic cabin, OJ miles north of san francisco, that often functions as
our unofficial retreat center. the place, called the poet's loft, is all redwood and glass-perched on stilts over tomales bay, a perfect place to think. the team's goal, this day, was to
rough out a movie they could imagine paying to see.
sitting on couches with a whiteboard in the center of the room, the participants started by
asking some basic questions: why even do a third movie? what was left to say? what are we
still curious about? the toy story team knew and trusted each other-over the years, they'd
made stupid mistakes together and solved seemingly insurmountable problems together. the
key was to focus less on the end goal and more on what still intrigued them about the
characters who, by this point, felt like people we actually knew. every so often, someone
would stand up and road test what they had so far-trying to summarize a three-part story as
if it were the blurb on the back of a dvd cover. feedback would be given, and they'd go back
-literally-to the drawing board.
then somebody said the one thing that snapped everything into focus. we've talked so much
over the years, in so many different ways, about andy growing up and growing out of his toys. so
what if we just leaped right into that idea directly? how would the toys feel if andy left for college?
while no one knew exactly how they'd answer that question, everyone present knew that
we'd landed on the idea-the line of tension-that would animate toy story M.
from that moment forward, the film seemed to fall right into place. andrew stanton wrote
a treatment, michael arndt wrote a script, lee unkrich and darla anderson, the director and
producer, rocked the production, and we hit our deadlines. even the braintrust found
relatively little to argue with. i don't want to overstate this-the project had its problems-but since our founding, we'd been striving for a production as smooth as this. at one point,
steve jobs called me to check in on our progress.
"it's really strange," i told him. "we haven't had a single big problem on this film."
many people would have been happy with this news. not steve. "watch out," he said.
"that's a dangerous place to be."
"i wouldn't be too alarmed," i said. "this is our first time, in eleven movies, without a
major meltdown. and besides, we have a few more meltdowns coming up."
i wasn't being glib. over the next two years, we were about to rack up a string of costly
misfires. two of those-cars L and monsters university-were solved by replacing the films'
original directors. another, a film we spent three years developing, proved so confounding
that we shut it down altogether.
i'm going to talk more about our misfires, but i'm gratified to say that because we caught
them midstream, before they were finished and released to the public, we were able to treat
them as learning experiences. yes, they cost us money, but the losses were not as sizable as
they would have been had we not intervened. and yes, they were painful, but we emerged
better and stronger because of them. i came to think of our meltdowns as a necessary part of
doing our business, like investments in r@d, and i urged everyone at pixar to see them the
same way.
for most of us, failure comes with baggage-a lot of baggage-that i believe is traced directly
back to our days in school. from a very early age, the message is drilled into our heads:
failure is badU failure means you didn't study or prepareU failure means you slacked off or-worse;-aren't smart enough to begin with. thus, failure is something to be ashamed of. this
perception lives on long into adulthood, even in people who have learned to parrot the oftrepeated arguments about the upside of failure. how many articles have you read on that
topic alone? and yet, even as they nod their heads in agreement, many readers of those
articles still have the emotional reaction that they had as children. they just can't help it:
that early experience of shame is too deep-seated to erase. all the time in my work, i see
people resist and reject failure and try mightily to avoid it, because regardless of what we say,
mistakes feel embarrassing. there is a visceral reaction to failure: it hurts.
we need to think about failure differently. i'm not the first to say that failure, when
approached properly, can be an opportunity for growth. but the way most people interpret
this assertion is that mistakes are a necessary evil. mistakes aren't a necessary evil. they
aren't evil at all. they are an inevitable consequence of doing something new Band, as such,
should be seen as valuableU without them, we'd have no originality,. and yet, even as i say
that embracing failure is an important part of learning, i also acknowledge that
acknowledging this truth is not enough. that's because failure is painful, and our feelings
about this pain tend to screw up our understanding of its worth. to disentangle the good and
the bad parts of failure, we have to recognize both the reality of the pain and the benefit of
the resulting growth.
left to their own devices, most people don't want to fail. but andrew stanton isn't most
people. as i've mentioned, he's known around pixar for repeating the phrases "fail early and
fail fast" and "be wrong as fast as you can." he thinks of failure like learning to ride a bikeU it
isn't conceivable that you would learn to do this without making mistakes-without toppling
over a few times. "get a bike that's as low to the ground as you can find, put on elbow and
knee pads so you're not afraid of falling, and go," he says. if you apply this mindset to
everything new you attempt, you can begin to subvert the negative connotation associated
with making mistakes. says andrew: "you wouldn't say to somebody who is first learning to
play the guitar, you better think really hard about where you put your fingers on the guitar
neck before you strum, because you only get to strum once, and that's it. and if you get that
wrong, we're going to move on.' that's no way to learn, is it?"
this doesn't mean that andrew enjoys it when he puts his work up for others to judge, and
it is found wanting. but he deals with the possibility of failure by addressing it head on,
searching for mechanisms that turn pain into progress. to be wrong as fast as you can is to
sign up for aggressive, rapid learning. andrew does this without hesitation.
even though people in our offices have heard andrew say this repeatedly, many still miss
the point. they think it means accept failure with dignity and move on. the better, more
subtle interpretation is that failure is a manifestation of learning and exploration. if you
aren't experiencing failure, then you are making a far worse mistake: you are being driven by
the desire to avoid it. and, for leaders especially, this strategy-trying to avoid failure by outthinking it-dooms you to fail. as andrew puts it, "moving things forward allows the teamyou are leading to feel like, oh, i'm on a boat that is actually going towards land.' as
opposed to having a leader who says, i'm still not sure. i'm going to look at the map a little
bit more, and we're just going to float here, and all of you stop rowing until i figure this out.'
and then weeks go by, and morale plummets, and failure becomes self-fulfilling. people begin
to treat the captain with doubt and trepidation. even if their doubts aren't fully justified,
you've become what they see you as because of your inability to move."
rejecting failure and avoiding mistakes seem like high-minded goals, but they are
fundamentally misguided. take something like the golden fleece awards, which were
established in KS:O to call attention to government-funded projects that were particularly
egregious wastes of money. Bamong the winners were things like an 'RN,JJJ study on love
commissioned by the national science foundation, and a 'M,JJJ department of defense
study that examined whether people in the military should carry umbrellas., while such
scrutiny may have seemed like a good idea at the time, it had a chilling effect on research. no
one wanted to "win" a golden fleece award because, under the guise of avoiding waste, its
organizers had inadvertently made it dangerous and embarrassing for everyone to make
mistakes.
the truth is, if you fund thousands of research projects every year, some will have obvious,
measurable, positive impacts, and others will go nowhere. we aren't very good at predicting
the future-that's a given-and yet the golden fleece awards tacitly implied that researchers
should know before they do their research whether or not the results of that research would
have value. failure was being used as a weapon, rather than as an agent of learning. and that
had fallout: the fact that failing could earn you a very public flogging distorted the way
researchers chose projects. the politics of failure, then, impeded our progress.
there's a quick way to determine if your company has embraced the negative definition of
failure. ask yourself what happens when an error is discovered. do people shut down and
turn inward, instead of coming together to untangle the causes of problems that might be
avoided going forward? is the question being asked: whose fault was this? if so, your culture
is one that vilifies failure. failure is difficult enough without it being compounded by the
search for a scapegoat.
in a fear-based, failure-averse culture, people will consciously or unconsciously avoid risk.
they will seek instead to repeat something safe that's been good enough in the past. their
work will be derivative, not innovative. but if you can foster a positive understanding of
failure, the opposite will happen.
how, then, do you make failure into something people can face without fear?
part of the answer is simple: if we as leaders can talk about our mistakes and our part in
them, then we make it safe for others. you don't run from it or pretend it doesn't exist. that
is why i make a point of being open about our meltdowns inside pixar, because i believe they
teach us something important: being open about problems is the first step toward learning
from them. my goal is not to drive fear out completely, because fear is inevitable in highstakes situations. what i want to do is loosen its grip on us. while we don't want too many
failures, we must think of the cost of failure as an investment in the future.
if you create a fearless culture Bor as fearless as human nature will allow,, people will be
much less hesitant to explore new areas, identifying uncharted pathways and then charging
down them. they will also begin to see the upside of decisiveness: the time they've saved by
not gnashing their teeth about whether they're on the right course comes in handy when they
hit a dead end and need to reboot.
it isn't enough to pick a path-you must go down it. by doing so, you see things you
couldn't possibly see when you started outU you may not like what you see, some of it may be
confusing, but at least you will have, as we like to say, "explored the neighborhood." the key
point here is that even if you decide you're in the wrong place, there is still time to head
toward the right place. and all the thinking you've done that led you down that alley was not
wasted. even if most of what you've seen doesn't fit your needs, you inevitably take away
ideas that will prove useful. relatedly, if there are parts of the neighborhood you like but that
don't seem helpful in the quest you're on, you will remember those parts and possibly use
them later.
let me explain what i mean by exploring the neighborhood. years before it evolved into
the funny, affecting tale of a fierce, shaggy behemoth Bsulley, and his unlikely friendship
with the little girl it's his job to scare Bboo,, monsters, inc. was an altogether different story.
as first imagined by pete docter, it revolved around a thirty-year-old man who was coping
with a cast of frightening characters that only he could see. as pete describes it, the man "is
an accountant or something, and he hates his job, and one day his mom gives him a book
with some drawings in it that he did when he was a kid. he doesn't think anything of it, and
he puts it on the shelf, and that night, monsters show up. and nobody else can see them. he
thinks he's starting to go crazy. they follow him to his job, and on his dates, and it turns out
these monsters are all the fears that he never dealt with as a kid. he becomes friends with
them eventually, and as he conquers the fears, they slowly begin to disappear."
anyone who's seen the movie knows that the final product bears no resemblance to that
description. but what nobody knows is how many wrong turns the story took, over a period
of years, before it found its true north. the pressure on pete, all along, was enormous
-monsters, inc. was the first pixar film not directed by john lasseter, so in some very real
ways pete and his crew were under the microscope. every unsuccessful attempt to crack the
story only heightened the pressure.
fortunately, pete had a basic concept that he held to throughout: "monsters are real, and
they scare kids for a living." but what was the strongest manifestation of that idea? he
couldn't know until he'd tried a few options. at first, the human protagonist was a six-yearold named mary. then she was changed to a little boy. then back to a six-year-old girl. then
she was seven, named boo, and bossy-even domineering. finally, boo was turned into a
fearless, preverbal toddler. the idea of sulley's buddy character-the round, one-eyed mike,
voiced by billy crystal-wasn't added until more than a year after the first treatment was
written. the process of determining the rules of the incredibly intricate world pete created
also took him down countless blind alleys-until, eventually, those blind alleys converged on
a path that led the story where it needed to go.
"the process of developing a story is one of discovery," pete says. "however, there's always
a guiding principle that leads you as you go down the various roads. in monsters, inc., all of
our very different plots shared a common feeling-the bittersweet goodbye you feel once a
problem"-in this case, sulley's quest to return boo to her own world-"has been solved. you
suffer through it as you struggle to solve it, but by the end you've developed a sort of
fondness for it, and you miss it when it is gone. i knew i wanted to express that, and i was
eventually able to get it in the film."
while the process was difficult and time consuming, pete and his crew never believed that
a failed approach meant that they had failed. instead, they saw that each idea led them a bit
closer to finding the better option. and that allowed them to come to work each day engaged
and excited, even while in the midst of confusion. this is key: when experimentation is seen
as necessary and productive, not as a frustrating waste of time, people will enjoy their work-even when it is confounding them.
the principle i'm describing here-iterative trial and error-has long-recognized value in
science. when scientists have a question, they construct hypotheses, test them, analyze them,
and draw conclusions-and then they do it all over again. the reasoning behind this is
simple: experiments are fact-finding missions that, over time, inch scientists toward greater
understanding. that means any outcome is a good outcome, because it yields new
information. if your experiment proved your initial theory wrong, better to know it sooner
rather than later. armed with new facts, you can then reframe whatever question you're
asking.
this is often easier to accept in the laboratory than in a business. creating art or
developing new products in a for-profit context is complicated and expensive. in our case,
when we try to tell the most compelling story, how do we assess our attempts and draw
conclusions? how do we determine what works best? and how do we put the need to succeed
out of our minds long enough to identify a true emotional storyline that will carry a film?
there is an alternative approach to being wrong as fast as you can. it is the notion that if
you carefully think everything through, if you are meticulous and plan well and consider all
possible outcomes, you are more likely to create a lasting product. but i should caution that if
you seek to plot out all your moves before you make them-if you put your faith in slow,
deliberative planning in the hopes it will spare you failure down the line-well, you're
deluding yourself. for one thing, it's easier to plan derivative work-things that copy or
repeat something already out there. so if your primary goal is to have a fully worked out, setin-stone plan, you are only upping your chances of being unoriginal. moreover, you cannot
plan your way out of problems. while planning is very important, and we do a lot of it, there
is only so much you can control in a creative environment. in general, i have found that
people who pour their energy into thinking about an approach and insisting that it is too
early to act are wrong just as often as people who dive in and work quickly. the overplanners
just take longer to be wrong Band, when things inevitably go awry, are more crushed by the
feeling that they have failed,. there's a corollary to this, as well: the more time you spend
mapping out an approach, the more likely you are to get attached to it. the nonworking idea
gets worn into your brain, like a rut in the mud. it can be difficult to get free of it and head in
a different direction. which, more often than not, is exactly what you must do.
there are arenas, of course, in which a zero failure rate is essential. commercial flying has a
phenomenal safety record because there is so much attention paid at every level to removing
error, from manufacturing the engines to assembling and maintaining the planes to observing
safety checks and the rules that govern air spaces. likewise, hospitals have elaborate
safeguards to make sure that they operate on the right patient, on the correct side of the
body, on the right organ, and so on. banks have protocols to prevent errorsU manufacturing
companies have a goal of eliminating production line errorsU many industries set goals of
having zero injuries.
but just because "failure free" is crucial in some industries does not mean that it should be
a goal in all of them. when it comes to creative endeavors, the concept of zero failures is
worse than useless. it is counterproductive.
to be sure, failure can be expensive. making a bad product or suffering a major public
setback damages your company's reputation and, often, your employees' morale. so we try to
make it less expensive to fail, thereby taking some of the onus off it. for example, we've set
up a system in which directors are allowed to spend years in the development phase of a
movie, where the costs of iteration and exploration are relatively low. Bat this point, we're
paying the director's and story artists' salaries but not putting anything into production,
which is where costs explode.,
it's one thing to talk about the value of people encountering a number of small failures as
they grope their way to understanding, but what about a big, catastrophic failure? what
about a project you sink millions of dollars into, commit to publicly, and then have to walk
away from? this happened on a film we were developing a few years back, which was based
on a terrific idea that originated in the mind of one of our most creative and trusted
colleagues Bbut, notably, one who had never directed a feature film before,. he wanted to tell
the story of what happens when the last remaining male and female blue-footed newts on the
planet are forced together by science to save the species-but they can't stand each other.
when he got up and pitched the idea, we were blown away. the story was, like ratatouille, a
somewhat challenging concept, but if handled the right way, we could see that it would be a
phenomenal movie.
significantly, the pitch also came at a time when jim morris and i were thinking a lot
about whether the success of pixar was making us complacent. among the questions we'd
been asking ourselves and each other: had we, in the interest of governing production and
making it efficient, created habits and rules that were unnecessary? were we in danger of
growing lethargic and set in our ways? were our budgets on each movie inching higher and
higher for no reason? we were looking for an opportunity to change it up, to create our own
little startup, within pixar and yet separate from it, to try to tap back into the energy that
permeated the place when we were young and small and striving. this project seemed to fit
the bill. as we put it into production, we decided to treat it as an experiment: what if we
brought in new people from the outside with fresh ideas, gave them the charter of rethinking
the entire production process Band gave them experienced teammates to help carry this out,,
and then put them two blocks away from our main campus to minimize their contact with
those who might encourage them to adopt the status quo? in addition to making a memorable
movie, we were looking to challenge and improve our processes. we called the experiment
the incubator project.
within pixar, some expressed doubts about this approach, but the spirit behind it-the
desire not to rest on our laurels-was appealing to all. andrew stanton told me later that he
worried from the outset about how isolated the project's crew was, even though it was by
design. we were so enamored, he felt, of the possibilities of reinventing the wheel that we
underestimated the impact of making so many changes at once. it was as if we'd picked four
talented musicians, left them to their own devices, and hoped like hell they'd figure out how
to be the beatles.
but we didn't see that clearly then. the idea for the movie was strong, which was
confirmed when we unveiled it at a presentation for the media on upcoming pixar and disney
movies. as the website ain't it cool news reported with enthusiasm, the main character,
who'd been in captivity since he was a tadpole, lived in a cage in a lab where he could see a
flowchart on the wall that spelled out the mating rituals of his species. because he was lonely,
he would practice the steps day in and day out, getting ready for scientists to capture him a
girlfriend. unfortunately, he couldn't read the ninth and final mating ritual because it was
obscured by the lab's coffee machine. therein lay the mystery.
the presentation drew raves. it was classic pixar, people gushed-offbeat, witty, while at
the same time tackling meaningful, relatable ideas. but within the production, unbeknownst
to us, the story was stalled. it had the beginnings of a plot-our hero gets his wish when
scientists catch him a mate in the wild and bring her back to the lab-but when the unhappy
couple ends up back in the natural world, the film began to fall apart. the movie was stuck,
and even after a lot of thoughtful feedback, it wasn't getting better.
that fact evaded us at first because of the separateness of the enterprise. when we tried to
assess how things were going, early reports seemed good. the director had a strong vision,
and his crew was excited and working hard, but they didn't know what they didn't know: that
the first two years of a movie's development should be a time of solidifying the story beats by
relentlessly testing them-much like you temper steel. and that required decision-making,
not just abstract discussion. while everyone working on it had the best intentions, it got
bogged down in hypotheticals and possibilities. the bottom line was that while everyone was
rowing the boat, to use andrew's analogy, there was no forward movement.
when we finally figured this out-after a few experienced pixar people were sent in to help
and reported back about what they saw-it was too late. the pixar way is to invest in a
singular vision, and we'd done so, in a major way, on this project. we didn't consider
replacing the director-the story was his, and without him as the engine, we didn't think we
could push it to completion. so in may LJKJ, with heavy hearts, we shut it down.
there are some who will read this and conclude that putting this film into production in
the first place was a mistake. an untested director, an unfinished script-it's easy to look
back, after the shutdown, and say that those factors alone should have dissuaded us at the
outset. but i disagree. while it cost us time and money to pursue, to my mind it was worth
the investment. we learned better how to balance new ideas with old ideas, and we learned
that we had made a mistake in not getting very explicit buy-in from all of pixar's leaders
about the nature of what we were trying to do. these are lessons that would serve us very
well later as we adopted new software and changed some of our technical processes. while
experimentation is scary to many, i would argue that we should be far more terrified of the
opposite approach. being too risk-averse causes many companies to stop innovating and to
reject new ideas, which is the first step on the path to irrelevance. probably more companies
hit the skids for this reason than because they dared to push boundaries and take risks-and,
yes, to fail.
to be a truly creative company, you must start things that might fail.
for all of this talk about accepting failure, if a movie-or any creative endeavor-isn't
improving at a reasonable rate, there is a problem. if a director devises a series of solutions
that are not making a movie better, one could come to the conclusion that he or she isn't
right for the job. which is sometimes precisely the right conclusion to reach.
but where to draw that line? how many errors are too many? when does failure go from a
stop on the road to excellence to a red flag that signals change is needed? we put a lot of
faith in our braintrust meetings to make sure that our directors get all the feedback and
support they need, but there are problems that process can't fix. what do you do when candor
is not enough?
these were the questions we faced on our various meltdowns.
we are a filmmaker-driven studio, which means that our goal is to let the creative people
guide our projects. but when a movie gets stuck and it becomes clear that not only is it
broken but its directors are at a loss as to how to fix it, we must replace them or shut the
project down. you may ask: if it is true that all the movies suck at first, and if pixar's way is to
give filmmakers-not the braintrust-the ultimate authority to fix what's broken, then how do you
know when to step in?
the criteria we use is that we step in if a director loses the confidence of his or her crew.
about three hundred people work on each pixar movie, and they are used to endless
adjustments and changes being made while the story is finding its feet. in general, movie
crews are an understanding bunch. they recognize that there are always problems, so while
they can be judgmental, they don't tend to rush to judgment. their first impulse is to work
harder. when a director stands up in a meeting and says, "i realize this scene isn't working, i
don't yet know how to fix it, but i'm figuring it out. keep going;"-a crew will follow him or
her to the ends of the earth. but when a problem is festering and everyone seems to be
looking the other way or when people are sitting around waiting to be told what to do, the
crew gets antsy. it's not that they don't like the director-they usually do. it's that they lose
confidence in the director's ability to bring the movie home. which is part of why, to me,
they are the most reliable barometer. if the crew is confused, then their leader is, too.
when this happens, we must act. to know when to act, we much watch carefully for signs
that a movie is stuck. here is one: a braintrust meeting will occur, notes will be given, and
three months later, the movie will come back essentially unchanged. that is not okay. you
may say, "wait a minute-i thought you just said the directors didn't have to obey the notes;"
they don't. but directors must find ways to address problems that are raised by the group
because the braintrust represents the audienceU when they are confused or otherwise
dissatisfied, there's a good chance moviegoers will be too. the implication of being directorled is that the director must lead.
but any failure at a creative company is a failure of many, not one. if you're a leader of a
company that has faltered, any misstep that occurs is yours as well. moreover, if you don't
use what's gone wrong to educate yourself and your colleagues, then you'll have missed an
opportunity. there are two parts to any failure: there is the event itself, with all its attendant
disappointment, confusion, and shame, and then there is our reaction to it. it is this second
part that we control. do we become introspective, or do we bury our heads in the sand? do
we make it safe for others to acknowledge and learn from problems, or do we shut down
discussion by looking for people to blame? we must remember that failure gives us chances
to grow, and we ignore those chances at our own peril.
which raises the question: when failure occurs, how should you get the most out of it?
when it came to our meltdowns, we were determined to look inward. we had picked
talented, creative people to preside over these projects, so we clearly were doing something
that was making it hard for them to succeed. some worried the meltdowns were an indication
that we were losing our touch. i disagreed. we never said it was going to be easy-we'd only
insisted that our movies be great. had we not stepped in and taken action, i said, then we'd be
abandoning our values. after several misfires, though, it was important that we take a
moment to reassess and to try to absorb the lessons they had to teach us.
so in march LJKK, jim morris, pixar's general manager, arranged an off-site with the
studio's producers and directors-twenty or so people in all. on the agenda was one question:
why did we have so many meltdowns in a row? we weren't looking to point fingers. we
wanted to rally the company's creative leadership to figure out the underlying problems that
were leading us astray.
jim kicked the meeting off by thanking everyone for coming and reminding us why we
were there. nothing is more critical to our continued success as a studio, he said, than the
ability to develop new projects and directors, and yet we were clearly doing something
wrong. we had been trying to increase the number of movies we released, but we'd hit a
roadblock. over the next two days, he said, our goal was to figure out what was missing and
to chart out ways to create it and put it in place.
what became immediately apparent was that no one in the room was running from his or
her role in these failures. they neither blamed the existing problems on others nor asked for
someone else to solve them. the language they used to talk about the issues showed that they
thought of them as their own. "is there a way, other than braintrust notes, that we could do a
better job of teaching our directors the importance of an emotional arc?" asked one person. "i
feel like i should be formally sharing my experience with other people," said another. i could
not have been prouder. it was obvious that they felt they owned the problem and the
responsibility for its solution. even though we had serious problems, the culture of the place
-the willingness to roll up our pant legs and wade into the muck for the good of the
company-felt more alive than ever.
as a team, we analyzed our assumptions, why we'd made such flawed choices. were there
essential qualities we needed to look for in our director candidates, going forward, that we'd
overlooked in the past? more significantly, how had we failed to prepare new directors
adequately for the daunting job they faced? how many times had we said, "we won't let him
or her fail"-only to let them fail? we discussed how we had been blinded by the fact that the
directors of our first films-john, andrew, and pete-had each figured out how to be a
director without formal training, something that we now saw was much rarer than we'd
previously believed. we talked about the fact that andrew, pete, and lee had spent years
working side by side with john, absorbing his lessons-the need for decisiveness, for example
-and his collaborative way of teasing out ideas. andrew and pete, the first directors at pixar
to follow in john's footsteps, had been challenged by the process but in the end had
succeeded spectacularly. we assumed that others would do the same. but we had to face the
fact that as we'd gotten bigger, our newer directors did not have the benefit of that
experience.
then we turned to the future. we identified individuals who we thought had the potential
to become directors, listing their strengths and weaknesses and being specific about what we
would do to teach them, give them experience, and support them. in the wake of our failures,
we still didn't want to make only "safe" choices going forwardU we understood that taking
creative and leadership risks is essential to who we are and that sometimes this means
handing the keys to someone who may not fit the traditional conception of a movie director.
and yet, as we made those unconventional choices, everyone agreed, we needed to outline
better, more explicit steps to train and prepare those we felt had the necessary skills to make
movies. instead of hoping that our director candidates would absorb our shared wisdom
through osmosis, we resolved to create a formal mentoring program that would, in a sense,
give to others what pete and andrew and lee had experienced working so closely with john
in the early days. going forward, every established director would check in weekly with his
mentees-giving them both practical and motivational advice as they developed ideas they
hoped would become feature films.
later, when i was reflecting on the off-site with andrew, he made what i think is a
profound point. he told me that he thinks he and the other proven directors have a
responsibility to be teachers-that this should be a central part of their jobs, even as they
continue to make their own films. "the holy grail is to find a way that we can teach others
how to make the best movie possible with whoever they've got on their crew, because it's just
logic that someday we won't be here," he said. "walt disney didn't do that. and without him,
disney animation wasn't able to survive without enduring a decade and a half, if not two, of
a slump. that's the real goal: can we teach in a way that our directors will think smart when
we're not around?"
who better to teach than the most capable among us? and i'm not just talking about
seminars or formal settings. our actions and behaviors, for better or worse, teach those who
admire and look up to us how to govern their own lives. are we thoughtful about how people
learn and grow? as leaders, we should think of ourselves as teachers and try to create
companies in which teaching is seen as a valued way to contribute to the success of the
whole. do we think of most activities as teaching opportunities and experiences as ways of
learning? one of the most crucial responsibilities of leadership is creating a culture that
rewards those who lift not just our stock prices but our aspirations as well.
discussing failure and all its ripple effects is not merely an academic exercise. we face it
because by seeking better understanding, we remove barriers to full creative engagement.
one of the biggest barriers is fear, and while failure comes with the territory, fear shouldn't
have to. the goal, then, is to uncouple fear and failure-to create an environment in which
making mistakes doesn't strike terror into your employees' hearts.
how, exactly, do you do that? by necessity, the message companies send to their managers
is conflicting: develop your people, help them grow into strong contributors and team
members, and oh, by the way, make sure everything goes smoothly because there aren't
enough resources, and the success of our enterprise depends on your group doing its job on
time and on budget. it is easy to be critical of the micromanaging many managers resort to,
yet we must acknowledge the rock and the hard place we often place them between. if they
have to choose between meeting a deadline and some less well defined mandate to "nurture"
their people, they will pick the deadline every time. we tell ourselves that we will devote
more time to our people if we, in turn, are given more slack in the schedule or budget, but
somehow the requirements of the job always eat up the slack, resulting in increased pressure
with even less room for error. given these realities, managers typically want two things: BK,
for everything to be tightly controlled, and BL, to appear to be in control.
but when control is the goal, it can negatively affect other parts of your culture. i've known
many managers who hate to be surprised in meetings, for example, by which i mean they
make it clear that they want to be briefed about any unexpected news in advance and in
private. in many workplaces, it is a sign of disrespect if someone surprises a manager with
new information in front of other people. but what does this mean in practice? it means that
there are pre-meetings before meetings, and the meetings begin to take on a pro forma tone.
it means wasted time. it means that the employees who work with these people walk on
eggshells. it means that fear runs rampant.
getting middle managers to tolerate Band not feel threatened by, problems and surprises is
one of our most important jobsU they already feel the weight of believing that if they screw
up, there will be hell to pay. how do we get people to reframe the way they think about the
process and the risks?
the antidote to fear is trust, and we all have a desire to find something to trust in an
uncertain world. fear and trust are powerful forces, and while they are not opposites, exactly,
trust is the best tool for driving out fear. there will always be plenty to be afraid of,
especially when you are doing something new. trusting others doesn't mean that they won't
make mistakes. it means that if they do Bor if you do,, you trust they will act to help solve it.
fear can be created quicklyU trust can't. leaders must demonstrate their trustworthiness, over
time, through their actions-and the best way to do that is by responding well to failure. the
braintrust and various groups within pixar have gone through difficult times together, solved
problems together, and that is how they've built up trust in each other. be patient. be
authentic. and be consistent. the trust will come.
when i mention authenticity, i am referring to the way that managers level with their
people. in many organizations, managers tend to err on the side of secrecy, of keeping things
hidden from employees. i believe this is the wrong instinct. a manager's default mode should
not be secrecy. what is needed is a thoughtful consideration of the cost of secrecy weighed
against the risks. when you instantly resort to secrecy, you are telling people they can't be
trusted. when you are candid, you are telling people that you trust them and that there is
nothing to fear. to confide in employees is to give them a sense of ownership over the
information. the result-and i've seen this again and again-is that they are less likely to
leak whatever it is that you've confided.
the people at pixar have been extremely good at keeping secrets, which is crucial in a
business whose profits depend on the strategic release of ideas or products when they are
ready and not before. since making movies is such a messy process, we need to be able to talk
candidly, among ourselves, about the mess without having it shared outside the company. by
sharing problems and sensitive issues with employees, we make them partners and partowners in our culture, and they do not want to let each other down.
your employees are smartU that's why you hired them. so treat them that way. they know
when you deliver a message that has been heavily massaged. when managers explain what
their plan is without giving the reasons for it, people wonder what the "real" agenda is. there
may be no hidden agenda, but you've succeeded in implying that there is one. discussing the
thought processes behind solutions aims the focus on the solutions, not on second-guessing.
when we are honest, people know it.
pixar's head of management development, jamie woolf, put together a mentoring programthat pairs new managers with experienced ones. a key facet of this program is that mentors
and mentees work together for an extended period of time-eight months. they meet about
all aspects of leadership, from career development and confidence building to managing
personnel challenges and building healthy team environments. the purposes are to cultivate
deep connections and to have a place to share fears and challenges, exploring the skills of
managing others by wrestling together with real problems, whether they be external Ba
volatile supervisor, or internal Ban overly active inner critic,. in other words, to develop a
sense of trust.
while i work with a couple of mentees, i also speak every year to the entire group. in this
talk, i tell the story of how, when i was first a manager at new york tech, i didn't feel like a
manager at all. and while i liked the idea of being in charge, i went to work every day feeling
like something of a fraud. even in the early years of pixar, when i was the president, that
feeling didn't go away. i knew many presidents of other companies and had a good idea of
their personality characteristics. they were aggressive and extremely confident. knowing that
i didn't share many of those traits, again i felt like a fraud. in truth, i was afraid of failure.
not until about eight or nine years ago, i tell them, did the imposter feeling finally go
away. i have several things to thank for that evolution: my experience of both weathering our
failures and watching our films succeedU my decisions, posttoy story, to recommit myself to
pixar and its cultureU and my enjoyment of my maturing relationship with steve and john.
then, after fessing up, i ask the group, "how many of you feel like a fraud?" and without fail,
every hand in the room shoots up.
as managers, we all start off with a certain amount of trepidation. when we are new to the
position, we imagine what the job is in order to get our arms around it, then we compare
ourselves against our made-up model. but the job is never what we think it is. the trick is to
forget our models about what we "should" be. a better measure of our success is to look at
the people on our team and see how they are working together. can they rally to solve key
problems? if the answer is yes, you are managing well.
this phenomenon of not perceiving correctly what our job is occurs frequently with new
directors. even if a person works side by side with an experienced director in a supporting
role, a role in which they repeatedly demonstrate the abilities to take the reins on their own
film, when they actually get the job it isn't quite what they thought it was. there is
something scary about discovering that they have responsibilities that were not part of their
mental model. in the case of first-time directors, the weight of those responsibilities is not
only new, it is further amplified by the track record of our previous films. every director at
pixar worries that his or her movie will be the one that fails, that breaks our streak of
number-one hits. "that pressure is there: you can't be the first bomb," says bob peterson, a
longtime pixar writer and voice artist. "what you want is for that pressure to light a fire
under you to make you say, i'm going to do better.' but there's a fear of not knowing if you
can find the right answer. the directors here who are successful are able to just relax and let
ideas be born out of that pressure."
bob jokes that to relieve that pressure, pixar should intentionally do a bad film "just to
correct the market." of course we'd never set out to make something terrible, but bob's idea
is thought-provoking: are there ways to prove to your employees that your company doesn't
stigmatize failure?
all of this attention on not only allowing but even expecting errors has helped make pixar a
unique culture. for proof of just how unique, consider the example of toy story M once again.
as i said at the start of this chapter, this was the only pixar production during which we
didn't have a major crisis, and after the film came out, i repeatedly said so in public, lauding
its crew for racking up not a single disaster during the film's gestation.
you might imagine that the toy story M crew would have been happy when i said this, but
you'd imagine wrong. so ingrained are the beliefs i've been describing about failure at pixar
that the people who worked on toy story M were actually offended by my remarks. they
interpreted them to mean that they hadn't tried as hard as their colleagues on other films-that they hadn't pushed themselves enough. that isn't at all what i meant, but i have to
admit: i was thrilled by their reaction. i saw it as proof that our culture is healthy.
as andrew stanton puts it, "it's gotten to the point that we get worried if a film is not a
problem child right away. it makes us nervous. we've come to recognize the signs of
invention-of dealing with originality. we have begun to welcome the feeling of, oh, we've
never had this exact problem before-and it's incredibly recalcitrant and won't do what we
want it to do.' that's familiar territory for us-in a good way."
rather than trying to prevent all errors, we should assume, as is almost always the case,
that our people's intentions are good and that they want to solve problems. give themresponsibility, let the mistakes happen, and let people fix them. if there is fear, there is a
reason-our job is to find the reason and to remedy it. management's job is not to prevent
risk but to build the ability to recover.
chapter :
the hungry beast and the ugly baby
during the late KSRJs and early KSSJs, as an ascendant disney animation was enjoying a
remarkable string of hit films-the little mermaid, beauty and the beast, aladdin, the lion king
-i began to hear a phrase being used again and again in the executive suites of its burbank
headquarters: "you've got to feed the beast."
as you may recall, pixar had entered into a contract to write a graphics system for disney
-the computer animation production system, or caps-that would paint and manage
animation cels. we began working on caps while disney was producing the little mermaid,
so i had a front-row seat from which to view the way that film's success led to the studio's
expansion and to its need for more film projects to justify Band occupy, the growing staff. in
other words, i was there to witness the creation of disney's beast-and by "beast" i mean any
large group that needs to be fed an uninterrupted diet of new material and resources in order
to function.
i should say that none of this was happening by accident or for the wrong reasons. the
walt disney company's ceo, michael eisner, and the studio's chairman, jeffrey katzenberg,
had committed to reviving animation after the long fallow period that followed walt's death.
to their credit, the result was an artistic flourishing that drew on the talents of legendary
artists who'd been at the studio for decades as well as the fresh thinking of more recent hires.
the films they produced not only were huge economic drivers for the company, but they
immediately became iconic in the popular culture and, in turn, prompted the animation
explosion that would ultimately enable pixar to make toy story.
but the success of each new disney film also did something else: it created a hunger for
more. as the infrastructure of the studio grew to service, market, and promote each successful
film, the need for more product in the pipeline only expanded. the stakes were simply too
high to let all those employees at all those desks in all those buildings sit idle. if you'd asked
around disney at the time, you would have had trouble finding someone who believed that
animated storytelling was a product that could or should be made on an assembly line, even
though the term "feed the beast" has that very idea embedded in it. in fact, the intentions
and values of the high-caliber people working in production were surely admirable. but the
beast is powerful and can overwhelm even the most dedicated individuals. as disney
expanded its release schedule, its need for output increased to the point that it opened
animation studios in burbank, florida, france, and australia just to keep up with its
appetites. the pressure to create-and quickly;-became the order of the day. to be clear,
this happens at many companies, not just in hollywood, and its unintended effect is always
the same: it lessens quality across the board.
after the lion king was released in KSSN, eventually grossing 'SOL million worldwide, the
studio began its slow decline. it was hard, at first, to deduce why-there had been some
leadership changes, yet the bulk of the people were still there, and they still had the talent
and the desire to do great work. nevertheless, the drought that was beginning then would last
for the next sixteen years: from KSSN to LJKJ, not a single disney animated film would open
at number one at the box office. i believe this was the direct result of its employees thinking
that their job was to feed the beast.
seeing even the earliest manifestation of this trend at disney, i felt an urgency to
understand the hidden factors that were behind it. why? because i sensed that if we
continued to be successful, whatever was happening at disney animation would almost
certainly happen to us, too.
originality is fragile. and, in its first moments, it's often far from pretty. this is why i call
early mock-ups of our films "ugly babies." they are not beautiful, miniature versions of the
adults they will grow up to be. they are truly ugly: awkward and unformed, vulnerable and
incomplete. they need nurturing-in the form of time and patience-in order to grow. what
this means is that they have a hard time coexisting with the beast.
the ugly baby idea is not easy to accept. having seen and enjoyed pixar movies, many
people assume that they popped into the world already striking, resonant, and meaningful-fully grown, if you will. in fact, getting them to that point involved months, if not years, of
work. if you sat down and watched the early reels of any of our films, the ugliness would be
painfully clear. but the natural impulse is to compare the early reels of our films to finished
films-by which i mean to hold the new to standards only the mature can meet. our job is to
protect our babies from being judged too quickly. our job is to protect the new.
before i go on, i want to say something about the word protection. i worry that because it
has such a positive connotation, by implication anything being protected seems, ipso facto,
worth protecting. but that's not always the case. sometimes within pixar, for example,
production tries to protect processes that are comfortable and familiar but that don't make
senseU legal departments are famous for being overly cautious in the name of protecting their
companies from possible external threatsU people in bureaucracies often seek to protect the
status quo. protection is used, in these contexts, to further a Bsmall-c, conservative agenda:
don't disrupt what already is. as a business becomes successful, meanwhile, that
conservatism gains strength, and inordinate energy is directed toward protecting what has
worked so far.
when i advocate for protecting the new, then, i am using the word somewhat differently. i
am saying that when someone hatches an original idea, it may be ungainly and poorly
defined, but it is also the opposite of established and entrenched-and that is precisely what is
most exciting about it. if, while in this vulnerable state, it is exposed to naysayers who fail to
see its potential or lack the patience to let it evolve, it could be destroyed. part of our job is to
protect the new from people who don't understand that in order for greatness to emerge,
there must be phases of not-so-greatness. think of a caterpillar morphing into a butterfly-it
only survives because it is encased in a cocoon. it survives, in other words, because it is
protected from that which would damage it. it is protected from the beast.
pixar's first battle with the beast came in KSSS, after we'd released two successful films and
were putting what we hoped would be our fifth movie, finding nemo, into production.
i remember andrew stanton's initial pitch about marlin, an overprotective clownfish, and
his search for nemo, his abducted son. it was a brisk day in october, and we had gathered in
a crowded conference room to hear andrew talk through his story beats. his presentation was
nothing short of magnificent. the narrative, as he described it, would be intercut with a series
of flashbacks that explained what had happened to make nemo's father such an
overprotective worrywart when it came to his son Bnemo's mother and siblings, andrew said,
had been slain by a barracuda,. standing there in the front of the room, andrew seamlessly
wove together two stories: what was happening in marlin's world, during the epic search he
undertakes after nemo is scooped up by a scuba diver, and what was happening in the
aquarium in sydney, where nemo had ended up with a group of tropical fish called "the tank
gang." the tale andrew wanted to tell got to the heart of the struggle for independence that
often shapes the father-son relationship. and what's more, it was funny.
when andrew finished his pitch, those of us in attendance were silent for a moment. then,
john lasseter spoke for all of us when he said, "you had me at the word fish."
at this point, the specter of toy story L, which had taken such a devastating toll on our
employees, still loomed large in our memories. stretched to the breaking point, we'd emerged
from that film with a clear understanding that what we had gone through was not healthy for
our employees or our business. we had vowed not to repeat those mistakes on monsters, inc.,
and for the most part, we hadn't. but our determination on that front also meant that
monsters, inc. ended up taking nearly five years to make. in the wake of that, we were
actively looking for ways to improve and speed up our process. in this, we were driven by a
particular observation: it was obvious to us that a large portion of our costs stemmed from
the fact that we never seemed to stop tinkering with the scripts of our movies, even long after
we started making them. it didn't take a genius to see that if we could only settle on the story
early on, our movies would be much easier-and thus cheaper-to make. this then became
our goal-finalize the script before we start making the film. after andrew's tour de force
pitch, finding nemo seemed like the perfect project with which to test our new theory. as we
gave andrew the go-ahead, we were confident that locking in the story early would yield not
just a phenomenal movie but a cost-efficient production.
looking back, i realize we weren't just trying to be more efficient. we were hoping to avoid
the messy Band at times uncomfortable, part of the creative process. we were trying to
eliminate errors Band, in so doing, to efficiently feed our beast,. of course, it was not to be.
all those flashbacks that we'd loved in andrew's pitch? they proved confusing when we saw
them on early reels-in a braintrust meeting, lee unkrich was the first to call them cryptic
and impressionistic, and he lobbied for a more linear storytelling structure. when andrew
tried it, an unexpected benefit emerged. before, marlin had come off as unsympathetic and
unlikable because it took too long to find out the reason he was being such a smothering
father. now, with a more chronological approach, marlin was more appealing and
sympathetic. moreover, andrew found that his intention to weave together two concurrent
storylines-the action in the ocean vs. the action in the aquarium-was far more complicated
than he had imagined. the tale of the tank gang, originally intended as a major throughline,
became a subplot. and those were just two of many difficult changes that were made during
the production as unforeseen problems presented themselves-and our goal of a
predetermined story and a streamlined production fell apart.
despite our hopes that finding nemo would be the film that changed the way we did
business, we ended up making as many adjustments during production as we had on any
other film we had made. the result, of course, was a movie we're incredibly proud of, one
that went on to become the second-highest-grossing film of LJJM and the highest-grossing
animated film ever.
the only thing it didn't do was transform our production process.
my conclusion at the time was that finalizing the story before production began was still a
worthy goal-we just hadn't achieved it yet. as we continued to make films, however, i came
to believe that my goal was not just impractical but nave. by insisting on the importance of
getting our ducks in a row early, we had come perilously close to embracing a fallacy.
making the process better, easier, and cheaper is an important aspiration, something we
continually work on-but it is not the goal. making something great is the goal.
i see this over and over again in other companies: a subversion takes place in which
streamlining the process or increasing production supplants the ultimate goal, with each
person or group thinking they're doing the right thing-when, in fact, they have strayed off
course. when efficiency or consistency of workflow are not balanced by other equally strong
countervailing forces, the result is that new ideas-our ugly babies-aren't afforded the
attention and protection they need to shine and mature. they are abandoned or never
conceived of in the first place. emphasis is placed on doing safer projects that mimic proven
money-makers just to keep something-anything;-moving through the pipeline Bsee the lion
king K, a direct-to-video effort that came out in LJJN, six years after the lion king L:
simba's pride,. this kind of thinking yields predictable, unoriginal fare because it prevents the
kind of organic ferment that fuels true inspiration. but it does feed the beast.
when i talk about the beast and the baby, it can seem very black and white-that the beast
is all bad and the baby is all good. the truth is, reality lies somewhere in between. the beast
is a glutton but also a valuable motivator. the baby is so pure and unsullied, so full of
potential, but it's also needy and unpredictable and can keep you up at night. the key is for
your beast and your babies to coexist peacefully, and that requires that you keep various
forces in balance.
how do we balance these forces that seem so at odds, especially when it always appears to
be such an unfair fight? the needs of the beast seem to trump the needs of the baby every
time, given that the baby's true worth is often unknown or in doubt and can remain so for
months on end. how do we hold off the beast, curbing its appetites, without putting our
companies in jeopardy? because every company needs its beast. the beast's hunger translates
into deadlines and urgency. that's a good thing, as long as the beast is kept in its place. and
that's the tough part.
many talk of the beast as if it is a greedy, unthinking creature, insistent and beyond our
control. but in fact, any group that produces a product or drives revenue could be considered
to be part of the beast, including marketing and distribution. each group operates according
to its own logic, and many have neither the responsibility for the quality of what is produced
nor a good understanding of their own impact on that quality. it simply isn't their problemU
keeping the process going and the money flowing is. each group has its own goals and
expectations and acts according to its own appetites.
in many businesses, the beast requires so much attention that it acquires inordinate power.
the reason: it is expensive, accounting for the vast majority of most companies' costs. any
company's profit margin depends in large part on how effectively it uses its people: the auto
workers on the assembly line who are being paid whether the line is in motion or notU the
stock boys in amazon's warehouses who come to work regardless of how many shoppers are
online that dayU the lighting and shading experts Bto pick one of dozens of examples in the
world of animation, who must wait for many others to complete their duties on a particular
shot before they can begin to do their work. if inefficiencies result in anyone waiting for too
long, if the majority of your people aren't engaged in the work that drives your revenue most
of the time, you risk being devoured from the inside out.
the solution, of course, is to feed the beast, to occupy its time and attention, putting its
talents to use. even when you do that, though, the beast cannot be sated. it is one of life's
cruel ironies that when it comes to feeding the beast, success only creates more pressure to
hurry up and succeed again. which is why at too many companies, the schedule Bthat is, the
need for product, drives the output, not the strength of the ideas at the front end. i want to
be careful not to imply that it is the individual people who comprise the beast who are the
problem-they are doing the best they can to accomplish what they've been charged with
doing. despite good intentions, the result is troubling: feeding the beast becomes the central
focus.
the beast thrives not only within animation or movie companies, of course. no creative
business is immune, from technology to publishing to manufacturing. but all beasts have one
thing in common. frequently, the people in charge of the beast are the most organized people
in the company-people wired to make things happen on track and on budget, as their bosses
expect them to do. when those people and their interests become too powerful-when there
is not sufficient push-back to protect new ideas-things go wrong. the beast takes over.
the key to preventing this is balance. i see the give and take between different
constituencies in a business as central to its success. so when i talk about taming the beast,
what i really mean is that keeping its needs balanced with the needs of other, more creative
facets of your company will make you stronger.
let me give you an example of what i mean, drawn from the business i know best. in
animation, we have many constituencies: story, art, budget, technology, finance, production,
marketing, and consumer products. the people within each constituency have priorities that
are important-and often opposing. the writer and director want to tell the most affecting
story possibleU the production designer wants the film to look beautifulU the technical
directors want flawless effectsU finance wants to keep the budgets within limitsU marketing
wants a hook that is easily sold to potential viewersU the consumer products people want
appealing characters to turn into plush toys and to plaster on lunchboxes and t-shirtsU the
production managers try to keep everyone happy-and to keep the whole enterprise from
spiraling out of control. and so on. each group is focused on its own needs, which means that
no one has a clear view of how their decisions impact other groupsU each group is under
pressure to perform well, which means achieving stated goals.
particularly in the early months of a project, these goals-which are subgoals, really, in the
making of a film-are often easier to articulate and explain than the film itself. but if the
director is able to get everything he or she wants, we will likely end up with a film that's too
long. if the marketing people get their way, we will only make a film that mimics those that
have already been "proven" to succeed-in other words, familiar to viewers but in all
likelihood a creative failure. each group, then, is trying to do the right thing, but they're
pulling in different directions.
if any one of those groups "wins," we lose.
in an unhealthy culture, each group believes that if their objectives trump the goals of the
other groups, the company will be better off. in a healthy culture, all constituencies recognize
the importance of balancing competing desires-they want to be heard, but they don't have
to win. their interaction with one another-the push and pull that occurs naturally when
talented people are given clear goals-yields the balance we seek. but that only happens if
they understand that achieving balance is a central goal of the company.
while the idea of balance always sounds good, it doesn't capture the dynamic nature of
what it means to actually achieve balance. our mental image of balance is somewhat
distorted because we tend to equate it with stillness-the calm repose of a yogi balancing on
one leg, a state without apparent motion. to my mind, the more accurate examples of
balance come from sports, such as when a basketball player spins around a defender, a
running back bursts through the line of scrimmage, or a surfer catches a wave. all of these
are extremely dynamic responses to rapidly changing environments. in the context of
animation, directors have told me that they see their engagement when making a film as
extremely active. "it seems like it's good psychologically to expect these movies to be
troublesome," byron howard, one of our directors at disney, told me. "it's like someone
saying, here, take care of this tiger, but watch your butt, they're tricky.' i feel like my butt is
safer when i expect the tiger to be tricky."
as director brad bird sees it, every creative organization-be it an animation studio or a
record label-is an ecosystem. "you need all the seasons," he says. "you need storms. it's like
an ecology. to view lack of conflict as optimum is like saying a sunny day is optimum. a
sunny day is when the sun wins out over the rain. there's no conflict. you have a clear
winner. but if every day is sunny and it doesn't rain, things don't grow. and if it's sunny all
the time-if, in fact, we don't ever even have night-all kinds of things don't happen and the
planet dries up. the key is to view conflict as essential, because that's how we know the best
ideas will be tested and survive. you know, it can't only be sunlight."
it is management's job to figure out how to help others see conflict as healthy-as a route
to balance, which benefits us all in the long run. i'm here to say that it can be done-but it is
an unending job. a good manager must always be on the lookout for areas in which balance
has been lost. for example, as we expand our animation staff at pixar, which has the positive
impact of allowing us to do more quality work, there is also a negative impact that we must
deal with: meetings have become larger and less intimate, with each participant having a
proportionally smaller ownership in the final film Bwhich can mean feeling less valued,. in
response, we created smaller subgroups in which departments and individuals are encouraged
to feel they have a voice. in order to make corrections like this-to reestablish balance-managers must be diligent about paying attention.
in chapter N, i talked about a key moment in pixar's development, as we embarked on
making toy story L, when we realized that we never wanted to foster a culture in which some
workers were viewed as first-class, and others as second-class, where some employees were
held to a higher standard and others were effectively relegated to the b-team. this may have
sounded vaguely idealistic to some, but it was just another way of saying that we believe in
preserving balance in our culture. if some employees or constituencies or goals are perceived
to matter more, or to "win," there can be no balance.
imagine a balance board-one of those planks of wood that rests, at its midsection, on a
cylinder. the trick is to place one foot on each end of the board, then shift your weight in
order to achieve equilibrium as the cylinder rolls beneath you. if there's a better example of
balance-and of the ability to manage two competing forces Bthe left and the right,-i can't
think of one. but while i can try to explain to you how to do it, show you videos, and suggest
different methods for getting started, i could never fully explain how to achieve balance. that
you learn only by doing-by allowing your conscious and subconscious mind to figure it out
while in motion. with certain jobs, there isn't any other way to learn than by doing-by
putting yourself in the unstable place and then feeling your way.
i often say that managers of creative enterprises must hold lightly to goals and firmly to
intentions. what does that mean? it means that we must be open to having our goals change
as we learn new information or are surprised by things we thought we knew but didn't. as
long as our intentions-our values-remain constant, our goals can shift as needed. at pixar,
we try never to waver in our ethics, our values, and our intention to create original, quality
products. we are willing to adjust our goals as we learn, striving to get it right-not
necessarily to get it right the first time. because that, to my mind, is the only way to establish
something else that is essential to creativity: a culture that protects the new.
for many years, i was on a committee that read and selected papers to be published at
siggraph, the annual computer graphics conference i mentioned in chapter L. these papers
were supposed to present ideas that advanced the field. the committee was composed of
many of the field's most prominent players, all of whom i knewU it was a group that took the
task of selecting papers very seriously. at each of the meetings, i was struck that there
seemed to be two kinds of reviewers: some who would look for flaws in the papers, and then
pounce to kill themU and others who started from a place of seeking and promoting good
ideas. when the "idea protectors" saw flaws, they pointed them out gently, in the spirit of
improving the paper-not eviscerating it. interestingly, the "paper killers" were not aware
that they were serving some other agenda Bwhich was often, in my estimation, to show their
colleagues how high their standards were,. both groups thought they were protecting the
proceedings, but only one group understood that by looking for something new and
surprising, they were offering the most valuable kind of protection. negative feedback may be
fun, but it is far less brave than endorsing something unproven and providing room for it to
grow.
you'll notice, i hope, that i'm in no way asserting that protecting the new should mean
isolating the new. as much as i admire the efficiency of the caterpillar in its cocoon, i do not
believe that creative products should be developed in a vacuum Barguably, that was one of
the mistakes we made on the film about blue-footed newts,. i know some people who like to
keep their gem completely to themselves while they polish it. but allowing this kind of
behavior isn't protection. in fact, it can be the opposite: a failure to protect your employees
from themselves. because if history is any guide, some are diligently trying to polish a brick.
at pixar, protection means populating story meetings with idea protectors, people who
understand the difficult, ephemeral process of developing the new. it means supporting our
people, because we know that the best ideas emerge when we've made it safe to work
through problems. Bremember: people are more important than ideas., finally, it does not
mean protecting the new forever. at some point, the new has to engage with the needs of the
company-with its many constituencies and, yes, with the beast. as long as the beast is not
allowed to run roughshod over everyone else, as long as we don't let it invert our values, its
presence can be an impetus for progress.
at some point, the new idea has to move from the cocoon of protection into the hands of
other people. this engagement process is typically very messy and can be painful. once, after
one of our special effects software guys resigned, he wrote me an email containing two
complaints. first, he said, he didn't like that his job involved cleaning up so many little
problems caused by the new software. second, he wrote, he was disappointed that we weren't
taking more technical risks in our movies. the irony was that his job was to help solve
problems that arose precisely because we were taking a major technical risk by implementing
new software systems. the mess that he encountered-the reason he quit-was, in fact,
caused by the complexity of trying to do something new. i was struck by how he didn't
understand that taking a risk necessitated a willingness to deal with the mess created by the
risk.
so: when is that magic moment when we shift from protection to engagement? this is sort
of like asking the mama bird how she knows it's time to nudge her baby out of the nest. will
the baby have the strength to fly on its own? will it figure out how to use its wings on the
way down, or will it crash to earth?
the fact is, we struggle with this question on every film. hollywood famously uses the termgreen light to reference the moment in a project's development when a studio officially decides
it is viable Band many, many projects remain stuck in "development hell," never to emerge to
face the world,. in pixar's history, though, we have only developed one feature film that
didn't make it through to completion.
one of my favorite examples of how protection can give way to engagement comes not
from a pixar film but from our intern program. in KSSR, i decided that the company would
benefit from a summer program-like those at many creative companies-that would bring
bright young people into pixar for a couple of months to learn from working with
experienced production people. but when i ran the idea past our production managers, they
said no thanks: they had no interest in taking interns on. at first, i thought this was because
they were too busy to spend time attending to inexperienced college kids and teaching themthe ropes. but when i probed more deeply, it became clear that the resistance wasn't a
question of time but of money. they didn't want the added expense of paying the interns.
they only had so much cash in their budget and would rather spend it on experienced people.
they had only so much time and resources, and the beast was bearing down upon them.
their reaction was a form of protection, i suppose, motivated by a desire to protect the film
and to aim every dollar at making it a success. but this stance didn't benefit the company as a
whole. internship programs are mechanisms for spotting talent and seeing if outsiders fit in.
moreover, new people bring an infusion of energy. to me, it seemed like a win-win.
i suppose i could simply have mandated that our production managers add the cost of
adding interns to their budgets. but that would have made this new idea the enemy-something to resent. instead, i decided to make the interns a corporate expense-they would
essentially be available, at no extra cost, to any department who wanted to take them on. the
first year, pixar hired eight interns who were placed in the animation and technical
departments. they were so eager and hard-working and they learned so fast that every one of
them, by the end, was doing real production work. seven of them ultimately returned, after
graduation, to work for us in a full-time capacity. every year since then, the program has
grown a little more, and every year more managers have found themselves won over by their
young charges. it wasn't just that the interns lightened the workload by taking on projects.
teaching them pixar's ways made our people examine how they did things, which led to
improvements for all. a few years in, it became clear that we didn't need to fund interns out
of the corporate coffers anymoreU as the program proved its worth, people became willing to
absorb the costs into their budgets. in other words, the intern program needed protection to
establish itself at first, but then grew out of that need. last year, we had ten thousand
applications for a hundred spots.
whether it's the kernel of a movie idea or a fledgling internship program, the new needs
protection. business-as-usual does not. managers do not need to work hard to protect
established ideas or ways of doing business. the system is tilted to favor the incumbent. the
challenger needs support to find its footing. and protection of the new-of the future, not the
past-must be a conscious effort.
i can't help but think of one of my favorite moments in any pixar movie, when anton ego,
the jaded and much-feared food critic in ratatouille, delivers his review of gusteau's, the
restaurant run by our hero remy, a rat. voiced by the great peter o'toole, ego says that
remy's talents have "challenged my preconceptions about fine cooking  uandw have rocked
me to my core." his speech, written by brad bird, similarly rocked me-and, to this day,
sticks with me as i think about my work.
"in many ways, the work of a critic is easy," ego says. "we risk very little yet enjoy a
position over those who offer up their work and their selves to our judgment. we thrive on
negative criticism, which is fun to write and to read. but the bitter truth we critics must face
is that in the grand scheme of things, the average piece of junk is probably more meaningful
than our criticism designating it so. but there are times when a critic truly risks something,
and that is in the discovery and defense of the new. the world is often unkind to new talent,
new creations. the new needs friends."
chapter R
change and randomness
there's nothing quite like the feeling you get, deep in your gut, when you're about to stand
up in front of your entire company and say something you know has the potential to be
upsetting. the day steve, john, and i called an all-employee meeting to announce our
decision to sell pixar to disney in LJJP was definitely one of those moments. we knew that
the prospect of our little studio being absorbed into a much larger entity would worry many
people. while we'd worked hard to put safeguards in place that would ensure our
independence, we still expected our employees to be fearful that the merger would negatively
impact our culture. i'll say more about the specific steps we took to protect pixar in a later
chapter, but here i want to discuss what happened when, in my eagerness to ease my
colleagues' fears, i stood up and assured them that pixar would not change.
it was one of the dumbest things i've ever said.
for the next year or so, whenever we wanted to try something new or rethink an
established way of working, a steady stream of alarmed and upset people would show up at
my office. "you promised the merger wouldn't affect the way we work," they'd say. "you said
that pixar would never change."
this happened enough that i called another company-wide meeting to explain myself.
"what i meant," i said, "was that we aren't going to change because we were acquired by a
larger company. we will still go through the kinds of changes that we would have gone
through anyway. furthermore, we are always changing, because change is a good thing."
i was glad i'd cleared that up. except that i hadn't. in the end, i had to give the "of course
we will continue to change" speech three times before it finally sunk in.
what was interesting to me was that the changes that sparked so much concern had
nothing to do with the merger. these were the normal adjustments that have to be made
when a business expands and evolves. it's folly to think you can avoid change, no matter how
much you might want to. but also, to my mind, you shouldn't want to. there is no growth or
success without change.
for example, around the time of the merger, we were evaluating how to strike a balance
between original films and sequels. we knew that audiences who loved our films were eager
to see more stories set in those worlds Band, of course, the marketing and consumer products
people want films that are easier to sell, which sequels always are,. however, if we only
made sequels, pixar would wither and die. i thought of sequels as a sort of creative
bankruptcy. we needed a constant churn of new ideas, even though we knew that original
films are riskier. we recognized that making sequels, which were likely to do well at the box
office, gave us more leeway to take those risks. therefore, we came to the conclusion that a
blend-one original film each year and a sequel every other year, or three films every two
years-seemed a reasonable way to keep us both financially and creatively healthy.
at that point, pixar had undertaken only one sequel, toy story L. so our decision, because
it occurred in such proximity to the merger, made many people assume that disney was
pressuring us to make more sequels. this isn't what happened. in fact, disney gave us a great
deal of latitude. though we said this at the time, our words were greeted with skepticism.
we experienced similar confusion around the issue of office space. as we staffed up to meet
the more intense production demands, we quickly outgrew our main pixar building. needing
more room, we leased an annex a few blocks away that would house the next production we
were developing, brave, as well as the engineers in the software tools group, who were
working on the next generation of our animation software. soon after, people began showing
up in my office again. why, they wanted to know, were we separating our tools engineers
from all of our production artists except those working on brave? why were we splitting up
our story and art departments, who were accustomed to sitting together?
in short, it seemed like every issue, big or small, that arose around this time was chalked
up to the merger: "you said things wouldn't change; you're breaking your word; we don't
want to lose the old pixar;" i should say that this outcry came despite the fact that the
measures we had put in place to protect pixar's culture were working-and, in my view, were
a model for how to maintain cultural integrity after a merger. still, people felt vulnerable-and that bred suspicion. more and more, i began to think that many of our employees viewed
any change as a threat to the pixar way Band, as such, to our ability to be successful going
forward,.
people want to hang on to things that work-stories that work, methods that work,
strategies that work. you figure something out, it works, so you keep doing it-this is what an
organization that is committed to learning does. and as we become successful, our
approaches are reinforced, and we become even more resistant to change.
moreover, it is precisely because of the inevitability of change that people fight to hold on
to what they know. unfortunately, we often have little ability to distinguish between what
works and is worth hanging on to and what is holding us back and worth discarding. if you
polled the employees of any creative company, my guess is that the vast majority would say
they believe in change. but my experience, postmerger, taught me something else: fear of
change-innate, stubborn, and resistant to reason-is a powerful force. in many ways, it
reminded me of musical chairs: we cling as long as possible to the perceived "safe" place that
we already know, refusing to loosen our grip until we feel sure another safe place awaits.
in a company like pixar, each individual's processes are deeply interconnected with those
of other people, and it is nearly impossible to get everyone to change in the same way, at the
same pace, all at once. frequently, trying to force simultaneous change just doesn't seem
worth it. how, as managers, do we differentiate between sticking with the tried-and-true and
reaching for some unknown that might-or might not-be better?
here's what we all know, deep down, even though we might wish it weren't true: change is
going to happen, whether we like it or not. some people see random, unforeseen events as
something to fear. i am not one of those people. to my mind, randomness is not just
inevitableU it is part of the beauty of life. acknowledging it and appreciating it helps us
respond constructively when we are surprised. fear makes people reach for certainty and
stability, neither of which guarantee the safety they imply. i take a different approach. rather
than fear randomness, i believe we can make choices to see it for what it is and to let it work
for us. the unpredictable is the ground on which creativity occurs.
our tenth movie, up, would be one of our most emotionally rich and original films, but it
was also a case study in change and randomness. conceived and directed by pete docter, it
would be heralded by critics as a heartfelt adventure impeccably crafted with wit and depth.
but boy, did it ever change during its development.
in the first version, there was a castle floating in the sky, completely unconnected to the
world below. in this castle lived a king and his two sons, who were each vying to inherit the
kingdom. the sons were opposites-they couldn't stand each other. one day, they both fell to
earth. as they wandered around, trying to get back to their castle in the sky, they came across
a tall bird who helped them understand each other.
this version was intriguing, but ultimately it could not be made to work. those who saw it
had trouble empathizing with spoiled princes or understanding the rules of this strange,
floating world. pete recalls that he had to think hard, then, about what he was trying to
express. "i was after a feeling-an experience of life," he says. "for me, there are days when
the world is overwhelming-especially when i'm directing a crew of three hundred people. as
a result, i often daydream of running away. i have lots of daydreams about getting marooned
on a tropical island or walking alone across america. i think we can all relate to the idea of
wanting to get away from everything. once i was able to understand what i was after, we
were able to retool the story to better communicate that feeling."
only two things survived from that original version, the tall bird and the title: up.
for the next pass, pete and his team introduced an old man, carl fredrickson, whose
lifelong love affair with his childhood sweetheart ellie was summarized in a brilliant prologue
that set the emotional tone for the rest of the film. after ellie dies, a grief-stricken carl
attaches his house to a huge bouquet of balloons that makes the structure slowly lift into the
sky. he soon discovers that he has an eight-year-old stowaway Band eager cub scout, with
him named russell. eventually, the house lands on an abandoned soviet-era spy dirigible
that's camouflaged to look like a giant cloud. much of this version of the story unfolded on
this airship until someone noted that-while it worked okay story-wise-it bore a slight
resemblance to an idea pixar had optioned that had to do with clouds. though pete had not
been inspired at all by that idea, the echo felt too strong. so it was back to the drawing
board.
in the third version, pete and his team dumped the cloud, but kept the seventy-eight-yearold carl, his sidekick russell, the tall bird, and the idea of the house being lifted into the sky
by balloons. together, carl and russell floated in the house to a flat-topped venezuelan
mountain, called a tepui, where they encountered a famous explorer named charles muntz,
whom frederickson had read about and been inspired by when he was a boy. the reason
muntz hadn't died of old age by this point was that the aforementioned bird laid eggs that
had a magical, fountain-of-youth effect if you ate them. however, the egg mythology was
complicated and got in the way of the core story-it felt like too much of an aside. so pete
revised again.
in the fourth iteration, there were no youth-prolonging eggs-pete had taken them out.
which left us with a chronological problem: while the emotional throughline of the film was
working, the age difference between muntz and carl Bwho'd admired him since childhood,
should have meant that muntz was pushing a hundred. but we were late in the game-too
late to fix it-and in the end, we simply decided not to address it. we've found over the years
that if people are enjoying the world you've created, they will forgive little inconsistencies, if
they notice them at all. in this case, nobody noticed-or if they did, they didn't care.
up had to go through these changes-changes that unfolded over not months but years-to
find its heart. which meant that the people working on up had to be able to roll with that
evolution without panicking, shutting down, or growing discouraged. it helped that pete
understood what they were feeling.
"it wasn't until i finished directing monsters, inc. that i realized failure is a healthy part of
the process," he told me. "throughout the making of that film, i took it personally-i
believed my mistakes were personal shortcomings, and if i were only a better director i
wouldn't make them." to this day, he says, "i tend to flood and freeze up if i'm feeling
overwhelmed. when this happens, it's usually because i feel like the world is crashing down
and all is lost. one trick i've learned is to force myself to make a list of what's actually wrong.
usually, soon into making the list, i find i can group most of the issues into two or three
larger all-encompassing problems. so it's really not all that bad. having a finite list of
problems is much better than having an illogical feeling that everything is wrong."
it also helped that pete never lost sight of his mission on up, which was to drill down to the
emotional core of his characters and then build the story around that. i've heard people
who've been on pete's crews say that they would volunteer to take out the trash if it meant
getting to work with him again. he is beloved. but the path he followed on up was difficult
and unpredictableU there was nothing about where the movie started that indicated where it
would end up. it wasn't a matter of unearthing a buried storyU in the beginning, there was no
story.
"if i start on a film and right away know the structure-where it's going, the plot-i don't
trust it," pete says. "i feel like the only reason we're able to find some of these unique ideas,
characters, and story twists is through discovery. and, by definition, discovery' means you
don't know the answer when you start. this could just be my lutheran, scandinavian
upbringing, but i believe life should not be easy. we're meant to push ourselves and try new
things-which will definitely make us feel uncomfortable. living through a few big
catastrophes helps. after people survived a bug's life and toy story L, they realized the
pressure led to some pretty cool ideas."
pete has a few methods he uses to help manage people through the fears brought on by
pre-production chaos. "sometimes in meetings, i sense people seizing up, not wanting to even
talk about changes," he says. "so i try to trick them. i'll say, this would be a big change if we
were really going to do it, but just as a thought exercise, what if ' or, i'm not actually
suggesting this, but go with me for a minute ' if people anticipate the production pressures,
they'll close the door to new ideas-so you have to pretend you're not actually going to do
anything, we're just talking, just playing around. then if you hit upon some new idea that
clearly works, people are excited about it and are happier to act on the change."
another trick is to encourage people to play. "some of the best ideas come out of joking
around, which only comes when you Bor the boss, give yourself permission to do it," pete
says. "it can feel like a waste of time to watch youtube videos or to tell stories of what
happened last weekend, but it can actually be very productive in the long run. i've heard
some people describe creativity as unexpected connections between unrelated concepts or
ideas.' if that's at all true, you have to be in a certain mindset to make those connections. so
when i sense we're getting nowhere, i just shut things down. we all go off to something else.
later, once the mood has shifted, i'll attack the problem again."
this idea-that change is our friend because only from struggle does clarity emerge-makes many people uncomfortable, and i understand why. whether you're coming up with a
fashion line or an ad campaign or a car design, the creative process is an expensive
undertaking, and blind alleys and unforeseen snafus inevitably drive up your costs. the stakes
are so high, and the crises that pop up can be so unpredictable, that we try to exert control.
the potential cost of failure appears far more damaging than that of micromanaging. but if
we shun such necessary investment-tightening up controls because we fear the risk of being
exposed for having made a bad bet-we become the kind of rigid thinkers and managers who
impede creativity.
what is it, exactly, that people are really afraid of when they say they don't like change?
there is the discomfort of being confused or the extra work or stress the change may require.
for many people, changing course is also a sign of weakness, tantamount to admitting that
you don't know what you are doing. this strikes me as particularly bizarre-personally, i
think the person who can't change his or her mind is dangerous. steve jobs was known for
changing his mind instantly in the light of new facts, and i don't know anyone who thought
he was weak.
managers often see change as a threat to their existing business model-and, of course, it
is. in the course of my life, the computer industry has moved from mainframes to
minicomputers to workstations to desktop computers and now to ipads. each machine had a
sales, marketing, and engineering organization built around it, and thus the shift from one to
the next required radical changes to the organization. in silicon valley, i have seen the sales
forces of many computer manufacturers fight to maintain the status quo, even as their
resistance to change caused their market share to be gobbled up by rivals-a short-term view
that sank many companies. one good example is silicon graphics, whose sales force was so
accustomed to selling large, expensive machines that they fiercely resisted the transition to
more economical models. silicon graphics still exists, but i rarely hear about them anymore.
"better the devil you know than the devil you don't." for many, these are words to live by.
politicians master whatever system it took to get elected, and afterward there is little
incentive to change it. companies of all sorts hire lobbyists to keep the government from
changing anything that would disrupt their way of doing business. in hollywood, there are
throngs of agents, lawyers, and so-called talent Bactors and other performers, who recognize
that the system is seriously flawed, but they don't attempt to change it because stepping
outside the norm could eat into their revenues, at least for the short-term. why would
anybody want to change a system in ways that would endanger-or even eliminate-one's
own job?
self-interest guides opposition to change, but lack of self-awareness fuels it even more.
once you master any system, you typically become blind to its flawsU even if you can see
them, they appear far too complex and intertwined to consider changing. but to remain blind
is to risk becoming the music industry, in which self-interest Btrying to protect short-termgains, trumped self-awareness Bfew people realized that the old system was about to be
overtaken altogether,. industry executives clung to their outdated business model-selling
albums-until it was too late and file sharing and itunes had turned everything upside down.
to be clear, i am not endorsing change for change's sake. there are often good reasons to
hang on to things that work. the wrong kind of change can endanger our projects, which is
why those who oppose it are in earnest when they say that they just want to protect the
companies in which they work. when people who run bureaucracies balk at change, they are
usually acting in the service of what they think is right. many of the rules that people find
onerous and bureaucratic were put in place to deal with real abuses, problems, or
inconsistencies or as a way of managing complex environments. but while each rule may
have been instituted for good reason, after a while a thicket of rules develops that may not
make sense in the aggregate. the danger is that your company becomes overwhelmed by
well-intended rules that only accomplish one thing: draining the creative impulse.
so we've covered change. where does randomness fit in? once, when i was on a retreat in
marin, i heard a delightful-and possibly apocryphal-story about what happened when the
british introduced golf to india in the KRLJs. upon building the first golf course there, the
royal calcutta, the british discovered a problem: indigenous monkeys were intrigued by the
little white balls and would swoop down out of the trees and onto the fairways, picking them
up and carrying them off. this was a disruption, to say the least. in response, officials tried
erecting fences to keep the monkeys out, but the monkeys climbed right over. they tried
capturing and relocating the monkeys, but the monkeys kept coming back. they tried loud
noises to scare them away. nothing worked. in the end, they arrived at a solution: they
added a new rule to the game-"play the ball where the monkey drops it."
randomness is part of the folklore of history and literatureU it has been studied extensively
by mathematicians, scientists, and statisticiansU it is deeply embedded in everything we do.
we are aware of it in the abstract sense, by which i mean we have developed methods to
acknowledge its existence. we talk about lucky breaks, good days and bad days, crazy
coincidences, fortune smiling upon us, or being in the wrong place at the wrong timeU we
know that a drunk driver can come out of nowhere or, as the saying goes, that we could be
hit by a bus tomorrow. yet randomness remains stubbornly difficult to understand.
the problem is that our brains aren't wired to think about it. instead, we are built to look
for patterns in sights, sounds, interactions, and events in the world. this mechanism is so
ingrained that we see patterns even when they aren't there. there is a subtle reason for this:
we can store patterns and conclusions in our heads, but we cannot store randomness itself.
randomness is a concept that defies categorizationU by definition, it comes out of nowhere
and can't be anticipated. while we intellectually accept that it exists, our brains can't
completely grasp it, so it has less impact on our consciousness than things we can see,
measure, and categorize.
here's a simple example: you leave late for work but still arrive in time for your S a.m.
meeting. congratulating yourself, you are oblivious to the fact that two minutes behind you
on the freeway, someone blew a tire and blocked traffic for a half-hour. without knowing it,
you narrowly missed being late. perhaps you draw the conclusion that tomorrow, you can
afford to sleep a little later. but if you'd been in that traffic jam, you'd draw the opposite
conclusion: never leave late again. because it is our nature to attach great significance to the
patterns we witness, we ignore the things we cannot see and make deductions and predictions
accordingly.
this is the puzzle of trying to understand randomness: real patterns are mixed in with
random events, so it is extraordinarily difficult for us to differentiate between chance and
skill. did you arrive early to work because you left on time, planned ahead, and drove
carefully? or were you just in the right place at the right time? most people would choose the
former answer without a second thought-without even acknowledging the latter was an
option. as we try to learn from the past, we form patterns of thinking based on our
experiences, not realizing that the things that happened have an unfair advantage over the
things that didn't. in other words, we can't see the alternatives that might well have
happened if not for some small chance event. when a bad thing happens, people will draw
conclusions that might include conspiracy or forces acting against them or, conversely, if a
good thing happens, that they are brilliant and deserving. but these kinds of misperceptions
ultimately deceive us. and this has consequences in business-and for the way we manage.
when companies are successful, it is natural to assume that this is a result of leaders
making shrewd decisions. those leaders go forward believing that they have figured out the
key to building a thriving company. in fact, randomness and luck played a key role in that
success.
if you run a business that is covered with any frequency by the media, you may face
another challenge. journalists tend to look for patterns that can be explained in a relatively
small number of words. if you haven't done the work of teasing apart what is random and
what you have intentionally set in motion, you will be overly influenced by the analysis of
outside observers, which is often oversimplified. when managing a company that is often in
the news, as pixar is, we must be careful not to believe our own hype. i say this knowing that
it is difficult to resist, especially when we are flying high and tempted to think we have done
everything right. but the truth is, i have no way of accounting for all of the factors involved
in any given success, and whenever i learn more, i have to revise what i think. that's not a
weakness or a flaw. that's reality.
physics is a discipline that is dedicated to trying to find the underlying mechanisms that
govern how our world works. one truly influential idea in physics is the famous principle
known as occam's razor, attributed to william of ockham, a fourteenth-century english
logician. on the most basic level, it says that if there are competing explanations for why
something occurs the way it does, you should pick the one that relies on the fewest
assumptions and is thus the simplest. when renaissance astronomers were trying to explain
the movement of the planets, for example, there were many complex theories. the prevailing
belief was that orbits were perfect circles, or epicycles, but as planetary observation
improved, the models based on circles had to be made extremely complex in order to work.
then, johannes kepler hit upon the comparatively simple idea that the orbit of every planet
is an ellipse, with the sun at one of two foci within it. the explanation's simplicity seemed
proof that it was the right one-and with that simplicity came great power.
unlike some theoretical ideas, occam's razor accords easily with human nature. in general,
we seek what we think are simple explanations for events in our lives because we believe the
simpler something is, the more fundamental-the more true-it is. but when it comes to
randomness, our desire for simplicity can mislead us. not everything is simple, and to try to
force it to be is to misrepresent reality.
i believe that the inappropriate application of simple rules and models onto complex
mechanisms causes damage-to whatever project is at hand and even to the company as a
whole. the simple explanation is so desirable that it is often embraced even when it's
completely inappropriate.
so what if we oversimplify in order to get through our days? so what if we hold tight to
familiar ideas that give us the answers we crave? what does it matter? in my view, it matters
a lot. in creative endeavors, we must face the unknown. but if we do so with blinders on-if
we shut out reality in the interest of keeping things simple-we will not excel. the
mechanisms that keep us safe from unknown threats have been hardwired into us since
before our ancestors were fighting off saber-toothed tigers with sticks. but when it comes to
creativity, the unknown is not our enemy. if we make room for it instead of shunning it, the
unknown can bring inspiration and originality. how, then, do we make friends with the
random and unknowable? how do we get more comfortable with our lack of control? it helps
to understand just how pervasive randomness is.
one mathematical concept that everybody understands Bthough they may not know the name
for it, is linearity-the idea that things proceed along the same course or repeat themselves in
predictable ways. the rhythm of the day or the year is always the same-it's a repetitive
cycle. the sun comes up. the sun goes down. monday is followed by tuesday. february is
cold, august is warm. none of that feels like change-or, at least, it feels like predictable,
understandable change. it is linear, and that is comforting.
a slightly less obvious concept is that of the bell curve, although most of us have an
intuitive sense of what it means. in school we are sometimes graded on the bell curve-with a
few people getting poor grades, a few getting excellent grades, and the rest bunched in the
middle. if you plotted these test results on a graph, putting the scores on one axis and the
number of people who received them on the other, the result is shaped like a bell. human
height works the same way, with most adults between five feet and six feet tall, and fewer
numbers on either extreme. professionals such as doctors or plumbers also have a similar
distribution in their abilities-some are extraordinary, and some you wouldn't trust to tie
your shoes. but most exist in the range between excellent and bumbling.
we are quite adept at working with repeatable events and at understanding bell-shaped
variance. however, since we aren't good at modeling random events, we tend to use the
mental facilities that we are good at and apply them to our view of the world, even when
such an application is demonstrably wrong. randomness, for example, doesn't occur in a
linear fashion. for one thing, random processes do not evolve only in one wayU by definition,
they are indeterminate. so how do we develop ways of understanding randomness? by which
i mean: how can we think clearly about unexpected events that are lurking out there that
don't fit any of our existing models?
there is a third concept, also from the world of mathematics, that can help: stochastic selfsimilarity. stochastic simply means random or chanceU self-similarity describes the
phenomenon-found in everything from stock market fluctuations to seismic activity to
rainfall-of patterns that look the same when viewed at different degrees of magnification. if
you break off a branch of a tree and hold that branch upright, for example, it looks a lot like
a little tree. a stretch of coastline has that craggy coastline shape whether it is glimpsed from
a hang glider or from outer space. look at a tiny section of a snowflake under a microscope,
and it will resemble a miniature version of the whole. this phenomenon occurs all the time in
nature-in cloud formations, in the human circulatory system, in mountain ranges, in the
way fern fronds are shaped.
but how does stochastic self-similarity relate to human experience?
we face hundreds of challenges, every day, in our lives. the majority hardly qualify as
challenges at all: one of our shoes has disappeared under the couch, the toothpaste tube is
empty, the light in the refrigerator burns out. a smaller number are more disruptive but still
relatively minor: you sprain your ankle while jogging or the alarm clock fails to go off,
making you late for work. an even smaller set causes larger ripples: you are passed over for
an expected promotionU you have a heated argument with your spouse. smaller still: you get
into a car accidentU a water main breaks in your basementU your toddler breaks his arm.
finally, there are the far rarer major events like wars, diseases, terrorist attacks-importantly,
there is no limit to how bad these can get. so it's good that the more impactful an event is,
generally speaking, the fewer of them there are. but, just like the tree branch that looks like a
miniature tree, these challenges-though of different magnitudes-have more in common
than people think.
remember that while we are quick to assign patterns and causes to an event after it occurs,
beforehand we don't even see it coming. in other words, while we may attribute to it a
pattern later, random events don't come on time or on schedule. the distribution and nature
of problems vary considerably between people-my problems seem to be like your problems,
but they're not exactly the same. moreover, it's not as if randomness happens in a vacuum. it
is superimposed on the regular and repeatable patterns in our lives and, as such, is often
hidden.
sometimes a big event happens that changes everything. when it does, it tends to affirm
the human tendency to treat big events as fundamentally different from smaller ones. that's a
problem, inside companies. when we put setbacks into two buckets-the "business as usual"
bucket and the "holy cow" bucket-and use a different mindset for each, we are signing up
for trouble. we become so caught up in our big problems that we ignore the little ones,
failing to realize that some of our small problems will have long-term consequences-and are,
therefore, big problems in the making. what's needed, in my view, is to approach big and
small problems with the same set of values and emotions, because they are, in fact, selfsimilar. in other words, it is important that we don't freak out or start blaming people when
some threshold-the "holy cow" bucket i referred to earlier-is reached. we need to be
humble enough to recognize that unforeseen things can and do happen that are nobody's
fault.
a good example of this occurred during the making of toy story L. earlier, when i
described the evolution of that movie, i explained that our decision to overhaul the film so
late in the game led to a meltdown of our workforce. this meltdown was the big unexpected
event, and our response to it became part of our mythology. but about ten months before the
reboot was ordered, in the winter of KSSR, we'd been hit with a series of three smaller,
random events-the first of which would threaten the future of pixar.
to understand this first event, you need to know that we rely on unix and linux machines
to store the thousands of computer files that comprise all the shots of any given film. and on
those machines, there is a command-IbinIrm -r -f --that removes everything on the file
system as fast as it can. hearing that, you can probably anticipate what's coming: somehow,
by accident, someone used this command on the drives where the toy story L files were kept.
not just some of the files, either. all of the data that made up the pictures, from objects to
backgrounds, from lighting to shading, was dumped out of the system. first, woody's hat
disappeared. then his boots. then he disappeared entirely. one by one, the other characters
began to vanish, too: buzz, mr. potato head, hamm, rex. whole sequences-poof;-were
deleted from the drive.
oren jacobs, one of the lead technical directors on the movie, remembers watching this
occur in real time. at first, he couldn't believe what he was seeing. then, he was frantically
dialing the phone to reach systems. "pull out the plug on the toy story L master machine;" he
screamed. when the guy on the other end asked, sensibly, why, oren screamed louder:
"please, god, just pull it out as fast as you can;" the systems guy moved quickly, but still,
two years of work-SJ percent of the film-had been erased in a matter of seconds.
an hour later, oren and his boss, galyn susman, were in my office, trying to figure out
what we would do next. "don't worry," we all reassured each other. "we'll restore the data
from the backup system tonight. we'll only lose half a day of work." but then came random
event number two: the backup system, we discovered, hadn't been working correctly. the
mechanism we had in place specifically to help us recover from data failures had itself failed.
toy story L was gone and, at this point, the urge to panic was quite real. to reassemble the
film would have taken thirty people a solid year.
i remember the meeting when, as this devastating reality began to sink in, the company's
leaders gathered in a conference room to discuss our options-of which there seemed to be
none. then, about an hour into our discussion, galyn susman, the movie's supervising
technical director, remembered something: "wait," she said. "i might have a backup on my
home computer." about six months before, galyn had had her second baby, which required
that she spend more of her time working from home. to make that process more convenient,
she'd set up a system that copied the entire film database to her home computer,
automatically, once a week. this-our third random event-would be our salvation.
within a minute of her epiphany, galyn and oren were in her volvo, speeding to her home
in san anselmo. they got her computer, wrapped it in blankets, and placed it carefully in the
backseat. then they drove in the slow lane all the way back to the office, where the machine
was, as oren describes it, "carried into pixar like an egyptian pharaoh." thanks to galyn's
files, woody was back-along with the rest of the movie.
here, in rapid succession, we'd had two failures and one success, all of them random, all of
them unforeseen. the real lesson of the event, though, was in how we dealt with its
aftermath. in short, we didn't waste time playing the blame game. after the loss of the film,
our list of priorities, in order, were: BK, restore the filmU BL, fix our backup systemsU BM,
install precautionary restrictions to make it much more difficult to access the deletion
command directly.
notably, one item was not on our list: find the person responsible who typed the wrong
command and punish him or her.
some people may question that decision, reasoning that as valuable as creating a trusting
environment can be, responsibility without accountability can undermine an expectation of
excellence. i'm all for accountability. but in this case, my reasoning went like this: our people
have good intentions. to think you can control or prevent random problems by making an
example of someone is nave and wrongheaded. moreover, if you say it is important to let the
people you work with solve their own problems, then you must behave like you mean it. drill
down, certainly, to make sure everyone understands how important it is that we strive to
avoid such problems in the future. but always-always-walk your talk.
how does this relate to stochastic, or random, self-similarity? in short, when you begin to
grasp that big and little problems are structured similarly, then that helps you maintain a
calmer perspective. moreover, it helps you remain open to an important reality: if all our
careful planning cannot prevent problems, then our best method of response is to enable
employees at every level to own the problems and have the confidence to fix them. we want
people to feel like they can take steps to solve problems without asking permission. in this
case, galyn's need to get her work done with a newborn at home led her to improvise and to
download a version of the film once a week. had she not solved that problem that way, pixar
would have missed its deadline on toy story L, which would have been catastrophic for a
small public company. people who act without an approved plan should not be punished for
"going rogue." a culture that allows everyone, no matter their position, to stop the assembly
line, both figuratively and literally, maximizes the creative engagement of people who want
to help. in other words, we must meet unexpected problems with unexpected responses.
the second takeaway relates to our understanding of the boundary between the big and the
small-and, for that matter, between good and bad, important and not important. we tend to
think there is delineation-a bright line-between minor, expected problems and massive,
unforeseen meltdowns. that encourages us to believe, wrongly, that we should approach
these two phenomena-these two buckets, as i referred to them earlier-differently. but there
isn't a bright line. big and small problems are, in key ways, the same.
there is a crucial yet hard-to-understand concept here. most people grasp the need to set
prioritiesU they put the biggest problems at the top, with smaller problems beneath them.
there are simply too many small problems to consider them all. so they draw a horizontal
line beneath which they will not tread, directing all their energies to those above the line. i
believe there is another approach: if we allow more people to solve problems without
permission, and if we tolerate Band don't vilify, their mistakes, then we enable a much larger
set of problems to be addressed. when a random problem pops up in this scenario, it causes
no panic, because the threat of failure has been defanged. the individual or the organization
responds with its best thinking, because the organization is not frozen, fearful, waiting for
approval. mistakes will still be made, but in my experience, they are fewer and farther
between and are caught at an earlier stage.
as i've said, you don't always know how big a problem is when you first encounter it. it
may seem small, but it also might be the straw that breaks the camel's back. if you have the
tendency to put problems in buckets, you may not know which bucket to put it in. the
difficulty is that we prioritize problems by size and importance, frequently ignoring small
problems because of their abundance. but if you push the ownership of problems down into
the ranks of an organization, then everyone feels free Band motivated, to attempt to solve
whatever problem they face, big or small. i can't predict everything that our employees will
do or how they will respond to problems, and that is a good thing. the key is to create a
response structure that matches the problem structure.
the silver lining of a major meltdown is that it gives managers a chance to send clear
signals to employees about the company's values, which inform the role each individual
should expect to play. when we respond to the flaws of a movie in development by throwing
it out and restarting, we are telling people that we value the quality of our movies more than
anything else.
so far, i've been talking about randomness in the context of events. but human potential can
be unpredictable, too. i've known some geniuses who were such a pain to work with that we
had to let them goU then again, some of our most brilliant, delightful, and effective people
were let go by previous employers for being none of those things. it would be nice if there
were some magic bullet that turned difficult people into success stories, but there isn't. there
are just too many unknowns and immeasurable personal characteristics involved for us to
pretend that we have figured out how to do that. everyone says they want to hire excellent
people, but in truth we don't really know, at first, who will rise up to make a difference. i
believe in putting in place a framework for finding potential, then nurturing talent and
excellence, believing that many will rise, while knowing that not all will.
when walt disney was alive, he was such a singular talent that it was difficult for anyone
to conceive of what the company would be like without him. and sure enough, after his
death, there wasn't anybody who came close to filling his shoes. for years, disney employees
attempted to keep his spirit alive by constantly asking themselves, "what would walt do?"
perhaps they thought that if they asked that question they would come up with something
original, that they would remain true to walt's pioneering spirit. in fact, this kind of thinking
only accomplished the opposite. because it looked backward, not forward, it tethered the
place to the status quo. a pervasive fear of change took root. steve jobs was quite aware of
this story and used to repeat it to people at apple, adding that he never wanted people to ask,
"what would steve do?" no one-not walt, not steve, not the people of pixar-ever achieved
creative success by simply clinging to what used to work.
when i look back on pixar's history, i have to recognize that so many of the good things
that happened could easily have gone a different way. steve could have sold us-he tried
more than once. toy story L could have been deleted for good, bringing the company down.
for years, disney was trying to steal john back, and they could have succeeded. i amdistinctly aware that disney animation's success in the KSSJs gave pixar its chance with toy
story and also that their later struggles enabled us to join together and ultimately merge.
i know that a lot of our successes came because we had pure intentions and great talent,
and we did a lot of things right, but i also believe that attributing our successes solely to our
own intelligence, without acknowledging the role of accidental events, diminishes us. we
must acknowledge the random events that went our way, because acknowledging our good
fortune-and not telling ourselves that everything we did was some stroke of genius-lets us
make more realistic assessments and decisions. the existence of luck also reminds us that our
activities are less repeatable. since change is inevitable, the question is: do you act to stop it
and try to protect yourself from it, or do you become the master of change by accepting it
and being open to it? my view, of course, is that working with change is what creativity is
about.
chapter S
the hidden
in ancient greek mythology, apollo, god of poetry and prophecy, falls in love with the
beautiful cassandra, daughter of the king and queen of troy, whose tangle of red hair and
alabaster skin is famed throughout the land. he woos her by giving her a rare and treasured
gift-the ability to see the future-and, in response, she agrees to be his consort. but when
she later betrays him and breaks that vow, a furious apollo curses her with a kiss, breathing
words into her mouth that forever take away her powers of persuasion. from that day
forward, she is doomed to scream into the wind: no one will believe the truths she speaks,
and everyone judges her to be insane. though cassandra foresees the coming destruction of
troy-she warns that a greek army will sneak into the city inside a huge wooden horse-she
is unable to prevent the tragedy because no one heeds her warning.
the story of cassandra is traditionally taken as a parable about what happens when valid
warnings are ignored. but for me, it raises different issues. why, i always wonder, do we
think of cassandra as the one who's cursed? the real curse, it seems to me, afflicts everyone
else-all of those who are unable to perceive the truth she speaks.
i spend a lot of time thinking about the limits of perception. in the management context,
particularly, it behooves us to ask ourselves constantly: how much are we able to see? and
how much is obscured from view? is there a cassandra out there we are failing to listen to? in
other words, despite our best intentions, are we cursed, too?
these questions take us to the heart of this book, because the answers are essential to
sustaining a creative culture. in the preface, i wondered why the leaders of so many rising
silicon valley companies made bad decisions, decisions that-even at the time-seemed so
obviously wrongheaded. they had management and operational skillsU they had grand
ambitionsU they didn't think they were making bad decisions, nor did they think they were
being arrogant. yet delusion set in-and as bright as these leaders were, they missed
something essential to their continued success. the implication, for me, was that we would
inevitably be subject to those same delusions at pixar unless we came to terms with our own
limited ability to see. we had to address what i've come to call the hidden.
in KSSO, when steve jobs was trying to convince us that we should go public, one of his
key arguments was that we would eventually make a film that failed at the box office, and we
needed to be prepared, financially, for that day. going public would give us the capital to
fund our own projects and, thus, to have more say about where we were headed, but it would
also give us a buffer that could sustain us through failure. steve's feeling was that pixar's
survival could not depend solely on the performance of each and every movie.
the underlying logic of his reasoning shook me: we were going to screw up, it was
inevitable. and we didn't know when or how. we had to prepare, then, for an unknown
problem-a hidden problem. from that day on, i resolved to bring as many hidden problems
as possible to light, a process that would require what might seem like an uncommon
commitment to self-assessment. having a financial cushion would help us recover fromfailure, and steve was right to secure one. but the more important goal for me was to try to
remain vigilant, to always be on the lookout for signs that we were screwing up-without
knowing, of course, when that would occur or how it might come to light.
when i mention the mistakes that were made at companies such as silicon graphics or
toyota, some people cite hubris as the reason. "they started to believe their own b.s.," they
say. "they got complacent." others argue that companies go off the rails because of
unreasonable growth or profitability expectations, which force them into poor short-termdecisions. but i believe the deeper issue is that the leaders of these companies were not
attuned to the fact that there were problems they could not see. and because they weren't
aware of these blind spots, they assumed that the problems didn't exist.
which brings us to one of my core management beliefs: if you don't try to uncover what is
unseen and understand its nature, you will be ill prepared to lead.
we all know people we would describe as not being self-aware. usually we conclude this
because they don't see things about themselves that seem obvious to us-and, just as
important, they have no clue that they are missing them. but what about our own awareness?
if we accept that what we see and know is inevitably flawed, we must strive to find ways to
heighten that awareness-to fill in the gaps, if you will. i, for one, cannot claim a perfectly
clear-eyed view, but i do believe that making room in my head for the certainty that, like it
or not, some problems will always be hidden from me has made me a better manager.
most of us are willing to accept that there are fields of expertise we have not mastered. i
don't know how to install plumbing, for example. if you asked me to transplant a kidney,
replace a transmission, or argue a case before the supreme court, i would of course have to
admit that i can't. we recognize that there are many topics about which we know very little
-physics, math, medicine, law-unless we are trained in those fields. but even if it were
possible to learn every discipline and master every profession, we'd still have blind spots.
that's because there are other limitations-many of them rooted in the dynamics of human
interaction-that keep us from having a clear picture of the world around us.
imagine a door that, when you swing it open, reveals the universe of all that you do not
and cannot know. it's vast, that universe-far larger than we are even conscious of. but
ignorance is not necessarily bliss. this universe of unknown stuff will intrude in our lives and
activities, so we have no choice but to deal with it. one of the ways to do that is to try to
understand the many reasons why something may be difficult or impossible to see. to gain
this understanding requires identifying multiple levels of the unknown, from the trivial to the
fundamental.
the first level of what's hidden reminds me of when i first became a manager at new york
tech a few months after finishing my graduate studies in KS:N. managing people had never
been a goal of mine. if i'm being honest, all i'd wanted, up to that point, was to be one of the
guys and do my research. our group was small and close, bound by a common goal. since we
also socialized with each other, i felt like i had a fairly solid sense of what was going on with
each member of the team.
but over time, as i moved on to lucasfilm and then to pixar, the number of people who
reported to me grew and then grew some more, and it began to dawn on me that our
employees were behaving differently around me. they saw me as an "important manager" at
an "important company," whereas the colleagues who'd started out with me at new york
tech just saw me as ed. as my position changed, people became more careful how they spoke
and acted in my presence. i don't think that my actions changed in a way that prompted thisU
my position did. and what this meant was that things i'd once been privy to became
increasingly unavailable to me. gradually, snarky behavior, grousing, and rudeness
disappeared from view-from my view, anyway. i rarely saw bad behavior because people
wouldn't exhibit it in front of me. i was out of a certain loop, and it was essential that i never
lose sight of that fact. if i wasn't careful to be vigilant and self-aware, i might well draw the
wrong conclusions.
the phenomenon i'm describing, rooted so firmly in that primal human drive for selfpreservation, probably doesn't sound surprising: we all know that people bring their best
selves to interactions with their bosses and save their lesser moments for their peers, spouses,
or therapists. and yet, so many managers aren't aware of it when it's happening Bperhaps
because they enjoy being deferred to,. it simply doesn't occur to them that after they get
promoted to a leadership position, no one is going to come out and say, "now that you are a
manager, i can no longer be as candid with you." instead, many new leaders assume,
wrongly, that their access to information is unchanged. but that is just one example of how
hidden-ness affects a manager's ability to lead.
let's go down another layer.
to what extent do hierarchies and structured environments, which have been designed to
help large groups of people work together, contribute to the hiding of information? people
often shudder when you talk about hierarchy, as if it is inherently badU they will use
hierarchical as a pejorative, as shorthand for a workplace that puts too much emphasis on
rank. this isn't entirely fair, of course, and i've worked in some highly structured,
"hierarchical" environments that inspired top-notch work and a healthy interchange between
colleagues.
at the same time, there are some hierarchal environments that are a nightmare.
here's what turns a successful hierarchy into one that impedes progress: when too many
people begin, subconsciously, to equate their own value and that of others with where they
fall in the pecking order. thus, they focus their energies on managing upward while treating
people beneath them on the organizational chart poorly. the people i have seen do this seemto be acting on animal instinct, unaware of what they are doing. this problem is not caused
by hierarchy itself but by individual or cultural delusions associated with hierarchy, chiefly
those that assign personal worth based on rank. by not thinking about how and why we value
people, we can fall into this trap almost by default.
let's pause for a moment and look at it from the point of view of a manager who is having
someone manage up to them. i'm not talking about brownnosing per se but more subtle forms
of flattery. what does that leader see? he or she sees a person who wants to do a good job
and who wants to please him or her. what's not to like about that? how does a manager
differentiate between a team player and a person who is merely skilled at telling the boss
what he or she wants to hear? a manager might rely on other people to alert him or her to a
particular employee's lack of authenticity, but many are loath to tattle or to sound envious.
the leader's view, then, is obstructed by these people who are skilled at figuring out what the
leader wants. when viewed from a single vantage point, a full picture of the dynamics of any
group is elusive. while we are all aware of these kinds of behaviors because we see them in
others, most of us do not realize that we distort our own view of the world, largely because
we think we see more than we actually do.
there is a third layer of hidden-ness-yet another set of things that i can't see. the people
in the trenches doing the hard day-to-day work of producing our films are engaged in an
incredibly complex set of processes, all of which come with their own attendant problems and
idiosyncrasies. there are logistical hurdles that must be cleared, scheduling puzzles to be
worked out, interpersonal and management concerns. i am probably capable of
understanding each of these issues individually if and when they are brought to my attention
and explained to me. but the people who are directly involved have the firmest grasp of the
problems because they are in the middle of the action and see things that i don't see. if a
crisis is brewing, they will know about it before i do. this would not be a problem if you
could always count on people to send up a flare the instant they suspect trouble, but you
can't. even employees with the purest intentions may be too timid to speak up when they
sense trouble. they may feel that it's too early to involve upper-level managers, or they may
assume that we are aware of the breakdowns already. complex environments are, by
definition, too complicated for any one person to grasp fully. yet many managers, afraid of
appearing to not be in control, believe that they have to know everything-or at least act like
they do.
so my colleagues know more than i do about what's going on in any given department at
any given moment. on the other hand, i know more about issues that people working in
production do not: schedule requirements, resource conflicts, market problems, or personnel
issues that may be difficult or inappropriate to share with everyone. each of us, then, draws
conclusions based on incomplete pictures. it would be wrong for me to assume that my
limited view is necessarily better.
if we can agree that it's hard, if not impossible, to get a complete picture of what is going
on at any given time in any given company, it becomes even harder when you are successful.
that's because success convinces us that we are doing things the right way. there is nothing
quite as effective, when it comes to shutting down alternative viewpoints, as being convinced
you are right.
when faced with complexity, it is reassuring to tell ourselves that we can uncover and
understand every facet of every problem if we just try hard enough. but that's a fallacy. the
better approach, i believe, is to accept that we can't understand every facet of a complex
environment and to focus, instead, on techniques to deal with combining different
viewpoints. if we start with the attitude that different viewpoints are additive rather than
competitive, we become more effective because our ideas or decisions are honed and
tempered by that discourse. in a healthy, creative culture, the people in the trenches feel free
to speak up and bring to light differing views that can help give us clarity.
or take this example, which occurred at pixar during what's called an "executive check"-a
meeting to approve budgets and schedules-on the production of up. a visual effects
producer named denise ream was in that meeting, and she spoke up with a fairly radical
suggestion: production would be cheaper and take fewer person-weeks Bthe measure-the
amount of work a single person could accomplish in a week's time-that we use to calculate
budgets, if we did something that sounded completely counter to that goal-delay when the
animators started on their work. denise, who had the benefit of a broader perspective
because before joining pixar she'd worked for years at industrial light @ magic, was
addressing a reality that she saw more clearly than any of us did: the eagerness to get going,
which gave the impression of efficiency, was ultimately counterproductive because animators
often had to redo their work as changes were made  which led to animators sitting around,
waiting for assignments  which led to increased costs. from her vantage point, it seemed
obvious that we would use fewer person-weeks if we gave animators bigger, more fully
realized chunks to work on later in the process.
"i believe that animators will work faster than you're giving them credit for," denise said,
"if they have all the pieces they need when they begin." boy, was she right. even with all the
usual snafus-endless story adjustments and last minute re-rigging of particular characters-up was made in fewer person-weeks than we'd originally thought possible.
recalling her decision to speak up in that meeting, denise told me, "they had us delivering
the movie at what i felt was an arbitrary early date, and i said, i don't understand why we're
doing this, because you know we always go to the brick wall. no one ever finishes early, so
why don't we just call a spade a spade now, two years before our deadline?' to me, it seemed
clear that you'd want as much time as possible to get the story working. my goal was to push
the back end off as long as i could. and it paid off."
that couldn't have happened if the producer of the movie-and the company's leadership
in general-hadn't been open to a new viewpoint that challenged the status quo. that kind of
openness is only possible in a culture that acknowledges its own blind spots. it's only possible
when managers understand that others see problems they don't-and that they also see
solutions.
we know that there are happy accidents, but there is still another level of hidden-ness that
relates to the confluence of events that presage any important happening. often, some of
these events are impossible to see, so we don't realize how key a role they played. consider
the children who attend pixar's day-care program, many of whom are the offspring of couples
who met at pixar. Bjohn and i frequently note with pride the number of pixar marriages and
the many pixar kids that have come into the world as a result., think of all the things that
had to happen to make those babies possible. if pixar had never existed, they would never
have been born.
you can turn back the clock a bit more and say that those babies' parents might never have
met if john didn't join the production of the adventures of andr and wally b. or if walt
disney had never existed or if i hadn't been lucky enough to study under ivan sutherland at
the university of utah. or turn back to KSO:, when i was twelve years old, returning from
vacation in yellowstone park with my family. my dad was driving our yellow ford 'O: station
wagon, my mom was in the passenger seat and my brothers and sisters and i were piled into
the back. we were traveling up a winding canyon road with a steep cliff immediately to our
right and no guardrail. suddenly up ahead, from around a bend, came a car that had drifted
into our lane. i remember my mother screaming and my father slamming on the brakesU he
couldn't swerve because the cliff was a few feet to the right. i remember time slowing down
and a moment of utter quiet before-bang;-the other car slammed into us, crushing the side
of our car. when we finally slid to a stop, the adults got out and started yelling at each other,
but i just stood there, staring at the damage to our car. if the other car had veered another
two inches into our lane, it would have caught our front bumper, instead of the side, and
pushed us right over the cliff. existential threats like this tend to stay with you. two more
inches-no pixar.
of course, many people have close calls like this in the course of their lives, but here is the
salient point: as i write this, all of those pixar couples i am so proud to know have no inkling
of the two inches that could have kept them from meeting or their children from being
conceived.
i have heard people say that pixar's success was inevitable because of the character of the
people who formed it. while character is crucial, i am also certain there were an infinite
number of "two-inch" events aside from my own that went our way-events that i have no
way of knowing about because they occurred in the lives of other people who were critical to
forming pixar. the full set of possible outcomes at any time is so astonishingly vast that we
can't begin to fathom them, so our brains have to simplify in order for us to function. i don't
sit around thinking about what would have happened if john hadn't been available to join
the production of the adventures of andr and wally b., for instance, or if steve had made
good on his desire to sell pixar to microsoft. but the truth is, the history of pixar would have
been very different if either of these things had happened. when i say that the fate of any
group enterprise, and the individuals within it, are interconnected and interdependent, it may
sound trite. but it's not. what's more, seeing all of the interdependencies that shape our lives
is impossible, no matter how hard or long we look.
if we don't acknowledge how much is hidden, we hurt ourselves in the long run.
acknowledging what you can't see-getting comfortable with the fact that there are a large
number of two-inch events occurring right now, out of our sight, that will affect us for better
or worse, in myriad ways-helps promote flexibility. you might say i'm an advocate for
humility in leaders. but to be truly humble, those leaders must first understand how many of
the factors that shape their lives and businesses are-and will always be-out of sight.
in thinking about this chapter and about the limits of our perception, a familiar, oft-repeated
phrase kept popping into my head: "hindsight is LJ-LJ." when we hear it, we normally just
nod in agreement-yes, of course-accepting that we can look back on what happened, see it
with total clarity, learn from it, and draw the right conclusions.
the problem is, the phrase is dead wrong. hindsight is not LJ-LJ. not even close. our view
of the past, in fact, is hardly clearer than our view of the future. while we know more about a
past event than a future one, our understanding of the factors that shaped it is severely
limited. not only that, because we think we see what happened clearly-hindsight being LJ-
LJ and all-we often aren't open to knowing more. "we should be careful to get out of an
experience only the wisdom that is in it-and stop there," as mark twain once said, "lest we
be like the cat that sits down on a hot stove-lid. she will never sit down on a hot stove-lid
again-and that is wellU but also she will never sit down on a cold one anymore." the cat's
hindsight, in other words, distorts her view. the past should be our teacher, not our master.
there is a kind of symmetry between looking forward and backward, though we seldom
think of it that way. we know that in plotting our next move, we are selecting paths into the
future, analyzing the best available information and deciding on a route forward. but we are
usually not aware that when we look back in time, our penchant for pattern-making leads us
to be selective about which memories have meaning. and we do not always make the right
selections. we build our story-our model of the past-as best we can. we may seek out other
people's memories and examine our own limited records to come up with a better model.
even then, it is still only a model-not reality.
in chapter O, i took you into a meeting where the braintrust was discussing the untitled
pixar movie that takes you inside the mind, pete docter's ambitious film that would
eventually become known as inside out. during the intensive research phase of the film, pete
was surprised to hear from a neuroscientist that only about NJ percent of what we think we
"see" comes in through our eyes. "the rest is made up from memory or patterns that we
recognize from past experience," he told me.
animators have been trained to be observant-they know that viewers subconsciously
register even the most subtle motions and that those, in turn, trigger recognition. if animators
want a character to reach for something to their left, they anticipate that a split-second
earlier by having the character move ever so subtly to the right. while most people aren't
aware of it, this is what the brain expects to see-it's a tell, if you will, that signals what's to
come. we can use that tell to guide the audience's eyes wherever we want them to look. or
conversely, if we want to surprise people, we can leave it out, making the unforeseen motion
more startling. in toy story L, for example, when jessie talks about her fears, she twists one
of her braids around her finger. seeing this little motion, you sense her state of mind, perhaps
without even knowing why. the meaning in that simple action is supplied by the audience,
though-by their own experiences and emotional intelligence. most think of animation as the
characters just moving around in funny ways while they deliver their lines, but great
animators carefully craft the movements that elicit an emotional response, convincing us that
these characters have feelings, emotions, intentions.
this is all based on how we actually function, and it isn't what we normally assume. our
brain has a difficult job: the actual amount of visual detail in front of us is vast, and our eyes
are only able to take in a tiny fraction through that little spot at the back of our eyeball, the
fovea. basically, we either don't perceive or have to ignore most of what is outside of us.
however, we do have to function, so simultaneously, the brain fills in the details we miss. we
fill in or make up a great deal more than we think we do. what i'm really talking about here
are our mental models, which play a major role in our perception of the world.
the models in our head operate at awesome speed, allowing us to function in real time,
picking out what is good or what is threatening in any given scenario. this process is so fast
and automatic, in fact, that we don't notice that it is happening. a snippet of sound or the
briefest glance at someone is sufficient to activate these modelsU a subtle facial twitch can
cause us to see that something is troubling a friendU a slight shift in the quality of light tells us
that a storm is coming. all we need is a tiny bit of information to make huge leaps of
inference based on our models-as i say, we fill it in. we are meaning-making creatures who
read other people's subtle clues just as they read ours.
one way to understand the implications of how our mental models work is to consider the
magician's sleight of hand. as he or she makes, say, a coin or a playing card disappear, we
take delight in being fooled, and our eyes dart about, trying to divine the trick. we can only
see a small amount of what is going on as the magician moves his or her hands around,
lulling us with distracting patter and extraneous movement. in order for the magic trick to
work, two things must occur: first, the magician must divert our eyes from where the hidden
action is actually happeningU second, our brains must fill in the missing information,
combining what we already know with what we are perceiving in that moment. this is a
great example of the NJ-percent rule that pete referred to: we aren't aware that the majority
of what we think we see is actually our brain filling in the gaps. the illusion that we have a
complete picture is extraordinarily persuasive. however, the magician doesn't create the
illusion-we do. we firmly believe that we are perceiving reality in its totality rather than a
sliver of it. in other words, we are aware of the results of our brain's processing but not the
processing itself.
typically, people imagine consciousness to be something that is achieved inside our brains.
alva noe, a professor of philosophy at the university of california at berkeley who focuses on
theories of perception, has suggested another way of thinking about consciousness-as
something we do, or enact, or perform in our dynamic involvement with the world around us.
consciousness, in other words, happens within a context. "we spend all our lives embodied,
environmentally situated, with others," he writes. "we are not merely recipients of external
influences but are creatures built to receive influences that we ourselves enactU we are
dynamically coupled with the world, not separate from it." he describes money, for example,
as something that only has value and meaning as part of a vast interconnected system. even
though our day-to-day interactions with money tend to focus on numbers printed on bits of
metal and rectangular pieces of sturdy paper, our mental model of money is far more
complicated. that model shapes-and is shaped by-our views of our lifestyle, our concerns
about our fair share, our feelings about status, and our judgments of other people and
ourselves.
the models we have of our relationships at work, with friends, in our families, and in our
society are all even more complicated than our visual models. these constructs-call them
personal models-shape what we perceive. but they are each unique to us-no one can see
relationships quite the way we do. if only we could remember that; most of us walk around
thinking that our view is best-probably because it is the only one we really know. you'd
think the fact that we all have major misunderstandings with people at times-squabbles over
what was said or what was meant-would clue us in to the reality that so incredibly much is
hidden from us. but, no. we have to learn, over and over again, that the perceptions and
experiences of others are vastly different than our own. in a creative environment, those
differences can be assets. but when we don't acknowledge and honor them, they can erode,
rather than enrich, our creative work.
this sounds simple enough-honor the viewpoints of others;-but it can be enormously
difficult to put into practice throughout your company. that's because when humans see
things that challenge our mental models, we tend not just to resist them but to ignore them.
this has been scientifically proven. the concept of "confirmation bias"-the tendency of
people to favor information, true or not, that confirms their preexisting beliefs-was
introduced in the KSPJs by peter wason, a british psychologist. wason did a famous series of
experiments that explored how people give lesser weight to data that contradicts what they
think is true. Bas if we needed more proof that what's hidden can make us draw the wrong
conclusions.,
if our mental models are mere approximations of reality, then, the conclusions we draw
cannot help but be prone to error. a few words uttered by someone close to us can carry
enormous weight, for example, whereas the same words uttered by a stranger won't resonate
at all. at our jobs, we may interpret not being invited to a meeting as a threat to us or to our
projects, even when no threat is intended. but because we often don't see the flaws in our
reasoning-or our biases-it's easy to be deluded while being quite convinced that we are the
only sane ones around.
to show you how easily this kind of delusion takes hold in the workplace, i want to share a
story of a mistake we made in the early days of pixar. we had hired outside writers to help
with a film, but we weren't happy with the result. so we brought in someone else, another
writer who ultimately did a terrific job, but we made the mistake of leaving the original
writers' names on the next draft. when the movie came out, we had to give credit to the
original, failed writers, due to the rules in the industry that we operate under. having to give
undue credit left a bad taste in the mouths of many at pixar. we make a big deal out of our
belief in giving credit where credit is due.
somehow, though, this episode led pixar's directors to decide that, going forward, they
should write the first drafts of their movies and thus be credited as writers. this belief shaped
our model of how we should work as a studio, and this, in turn, affected how several of the
directors defined what it meant to be a director. the problem was that these were all wrong
conclusions, based on a single bad experience. and that led to more problems. now, for
example, we suddenly found an almost passive-aggressive resistance internally to hiring
outside writers at the beginning of our process, even when we declared that we didn't want
directors to write the first draft if they hadn't written a movie before. what this meant, in
some cases, was a lot of wasted time. not only is writing time-consuming but writers also
bring structural thinking to the development process-input that most directors really need.
several projects stalled because directors were underwater, trying to write scripts themselves
when they should have been doing other things.
i think we're out of the woods now, but it took a while. and all because a flawed mental
model, constructed in response to a single event, had taken hold. once a model of how we
should work gets in our head, it is difficult to change.
we've all experienced times when other people see the same event we see but remember it
differently. Btypically, we think our view is the correct one., the differences arise because of
the ways our separate mental models shape what we see. i'll say it again: our mental models
aren't reality. they are tools, like the models weather forecasters use to predict the weather.
but, as we know all too well, sometimes the forecast says rain and, boom, the sun comes out.
the tool is not reality.
the key is knowing the difference.
when we are making a movie, the movie doesn't exist yet. we are not uncovering it or
discovering itU it's not as if it resides somewhere and is just waiting to be found. there is no
movie. we are making decisions, one by one, to create it. in a fundamental way, the movie is
hidden from us. Bi refer to this concept as the "unmade future," and i will devote a
subsequent chapter to the central role it plays in creativity., i know this can feel
overwhelming. there is a reason that writers talk about the terror of the blank page and
painters shudder at the sight of an empty canvas. it's extremely difficult to create something
out of nothing, especially when you consider that much of what you're trying to realize is
hidden, at least at first. there is hope, however. there are things we can do to help ourselves
open up and see more clearly.
i've talked about my belief that balance is a dynamic activity-by which i mean, one that
never ends. i've spelled out my reasons for not defaulting to one or another extreme because
it feels safer or more stable. now i am urging you to attempt a similar balancing act when
navigating between the known and the unknown. while the allure of safety and predictability
is strong, achieving true balance means engaging in activities whose outcomes and payoffs
are not yet apparent. the most creative people are willing to work in the shadow of
uncertainty.
let us return, for a moment, to the metaphor i used earlier in this chapter, that of the door.
on one side is everything we see and know-the world as we understand it. on the other side
is everything we can't see and don't know-unsolved problems, unexpressed emotions,
unrealized possibilities so innumerable that imagining them is inconceivable. this side, then,
is not an alternate reality but something even harder to fathom: that which has not yet been
created.
the goal is to place one foot on either side of the door-one grounded in what we know,
what we are confident about, our areas of expertise, the people and processes we can count
on-and the other in the unknown, where things are murky, unseen, or uncreated.
many fear this side of the door. we crave stability and certainty, so we keep both feet
rooted in what we know, believing that if we repeat ourselves or repeat what is known to
work, we will be safe. this feels like a rational view. just as we know that the rule of law
leads to healthier, more productive societies or that practice makes perfect or that the planets
orbit the sun, we all need things that we can count on. but no matter how intensely we desire
certainty, we should understand that whether because of our limits or randomness or future
unknowable confluences of events, something will inevitably come, unbidden, through that
door. some of it will be uplifting and inspiring, and some of it will be disastrous.
we all know people who eagerly face the unknownU they engage with the seemingly
intractable problems of science, engineering, and societyU they embrace the complexities of
visual or written expressionU they are invigorated by uncertainty. that's because they believe
that, through questioning, they can do more than merely look through the door. they can
venture across its threshold.
there are others who venture into the unknown with surprising success but with little
understanding of what they have done. believing in their cleverness, they revel in their
brilliance, telling others about the importance of taking risks. but having stumbled into
greatness once, they are not eager for another trip into the unknown. that's because success
makes them warier than ever of failure, so they retreat, content to repeat what they have
done before. they stay on the side of the known.
as i discuss the elements of a healthy creative environment, you may have noticed that i
have expressly not sought to define the word creativity-and that's intentional. i don't do it
because it doesn't seem useful. i believe that we all have the potential to solve problems and
express ourselves creatively. what stands in our way are these hidden barriers-the
misconceptions and assumptions that impede us without our knowing it. the issue of what is
hidden, then, is not just an abstraction to be bandied about as an intellectual exercise. the
hidden-and our acknowledgement of it-is an absolutely essential part of rooting out what
impedes our progress: clinging to what works, fearing change, and deluding ourselves about
our roles in our own success. candor, safety, research, self-assessment, and protecting the
new are all mechanisms we can use to confront the unknown and to keep the chaos and fear
to a minimum. these concepts don't necessarily make anything easier, but they can help us
uncover hidden problems and, thus, enable us to address them. it is to this we now turn in
earnest.
part iii
building and sustaining
chapter KJ
broadening our view
in the late KS:Js, i took a road trip from new york city to washington, d.c., with my wife
and another couple. we rented one of those giant campers with two rear wheels on each side
so that if one wheel blew, the other would still hold the camper up. navigating this thing was
a challenge, to say the least, and was only made more challenging by the fact that the other
husband, dick, had never driven a camper before. instead of taking the new jersey turnpike,
which probably would have been the prudent thing to do, we took an alternate route because
it didn't have tollsU we were being cheap. the problem was, this alternate route had a
roundabout every few miles-one of those circular intersection substitutes that require
vehicles to merge, drive part of the way around, and then exit in their chosen direction. easy
enough in a car. not so easy in a camper.
as we approached one of these roundabouts, dick clipped the curb, and i heard a rear tire
blow out.
"dick, you popped a tire;" dick's wife, anne, said.
"no, i didn't," he shot back.
as we continued down the road, dick and anne engaged in a long, heated argument about
the tire and his driving. "you need to be more careful," anne scolded, while dick fumed B"i
didn't pop the tire;", and defended himself B"these campers are hard to drive;",. it was
evident to my wife and me that there was history fueling this exchange, but dick and anne's
backstory-whatever it may have been-wasn't moving them any closer to the obvious and
somewhat urgent conclusion that we should pull over and fix our flat. it was as if
accumulated tensions about other, unrelated issues had made them blind to reality: we were
hurtling along the highway on one less tire than our massive vehicle was designed for. we
needed to stop and assess the damage.
after several minutes of listening to their bickering, i felt it necessary to interject and say
that, in fact, the tire had blown. because while dick and anne seemed to think they were
talking about the tire, they clearly weren't, and anyone else could see that our safety was not
top of mind for either of them. their mental models, forged by years of interacting with one
another, altered their interpretation of straightforward events-we had dinged a curb and
popped a tire-and blinded them to the danger we could be in if we didn't pull over and take
care of the problem immediately.
this story-the oversized vehicle, the oblivious couple, the shredded tire, the
honeymooners-level sniping that ensued-has an element of dark humor, for sure, but i tell it
here because it demonstrates four ideas that inform the way i think about managing. the
first, which i discussed in chapter S, is that our models of the world so distort what we
perceive that they can make it hard to see what is right in front of us. Bi'm using model
somewhat generally here to mean the preconceptions we have built up over time that we use
to evaluate what we see and hear as well as to reason and anticipate., the second is that we
don't typically see the boundary between new information coming in from the outside and
our old, established mental models-we perceive both together, as a unified experience. the
third is that when we unknowingly get caught up in our own interpretations, we become
inflexible, less able to deal with the problems at hand. and the fourth idea is that people who
work or live together-people like dick and anne, for example-have, by virtue of proximity
and shared history, models of the world that are deeply Bsometimes hopelessly, intertwined
with one another. if my wife and i had been traveling with just dick or just anne, he or she
almost certainly would have responded appropriately, but because they were together, their
combined model was more complex-and more limiting-than either of their models would
have been on its own.
now, consider this: the tire incident involved the interconnected models of just two
people. in business, where dozens if not hundreds of people may work in close proximity, that
effect multiplies quickly, and before you know it, these competing and often at-odds models
lead to a kind of inertia that makes it difficult to change or respond well to challenges. the
intertwining of many views is an unavoidable part of any culture, and unless you are careful,
the conflicts that arise can keep groups of people locked into their restrictive viewpoints even
if, as is often the case, each member of the group is ordinarily open to better ideas.
as more people are added to any group, there is an inexorable drift toward inflexibility.
while we can agree in principle that an organization needs to be flexible in order to solve
problems, living up to that principle can be extraordinarily difficult. rigidity-by which i
mean the determination that one's own view is the correct one-can be hard to recognize at
first. and just as individuals have biases and jump to conclusions because of the lens through
which they view the world, organizations perceive the world through what they already
know how to do.
this third section of the book is devoted to some of the specific methods we have employed
at pixar to prevent our disparate views from hindering our collaboration. in each case, we are
trying to force ourselves-individually and as a company-to challenge our preconceptions.
in this chapter i discuss several of the mechanisms we use to put our collective heads into a
different frame of mind.
K. dailies, or solving problems together
L. research trips
M. the power of limits
N. integrating technology and art
O. short experiments
P. learning to see
:. postmortems
R. continuing to learn
K. dailies, or solving problems together
in the fall of LJKK, eight months before the release of brave, a dozen or so animators ambled
into the dailies meeting in the screening room at the far end of pixar's atrium and plopped
down heavily on oversized couches. it was just after S a.m., and more than a few attendees
were sipping cups of coffee in an attempt to look alive. the director mark andrews,
meanwhile, is not the groggy type. by the time he bounded into the room, he'd already spent
an hour outside on the lawn, thrusting and parrying-he's an avid fencer-with a thirtyeight-inch longsword.
mark had stepped in to direct brave midway through production at the request of john and
myself, and he was widely seen as an inspiring leader. a proud descendant of scotland, where
brave is set, mark urged his crew to join him in wearing a kilt to work every friday Bhe likes
to say that men in skirts boost morale,. many viewed him as nothing short of a force of
nature. "mark talks to you as if he's trying to drown out an fO class tornado behind him-and
winning," is how one animator described him. "i suspect he consumes plutonium pills." this
dailies meeting would do nothing to disprove that suspicion.
"good morning, everybody; wake up;" mark yelled, kicking off an hour-long session during
which the assembled animators shared glimpses of the scenes they were bringing to life. mark
watched carefully and gave detailed notes on how to improve each scene and encouraged
everyone else in the room-a rigging supervisor, the movie's producer, its head of story, and
the other animators-to do so as well. the goal of this meeting, as with all dailies meetings,
was to see the shots, together, as they really were.
dailies are a key part of pixar culture, not just because of what they accomplish-constructive midstream feedback-but because of how they accomplish it. participants have
learned to check their egos at the door-they are about to show incomplete work to their
director and colleagues. this requires engagement at all levels, and it's our directors' job to
foster and create a safe place for that. mark andrews did this at the brave meeting by being
irrepressible: singing 'RJs songs, reveling in people's nicknames Bwu-dog; dr. k;,, and
mocking his own drawing ability as he hurriedly sketched out suggested tweaks. "is that all
the energy you got for me today?" he teased one sleepy colleague. to another, whose work he
deemed flawless, he shouted the words all animators yearn to hear: "final that; bang;"
whether or not all the animators would get that same go-ahead, everyone could count on
this: when each finished his or her presentation, the room would burst into applause.
this wasn't a pep rally, though. the critiques that were offered were specific and
meticulous. every scene was prosecuted relentlessly, and each animator seemed to welcome
the feedback. "is that stick big enough for everybody?" mark asked at one point, referring to
a flimsy-looking branch that was supposed to keep a heavy door propped open in one scene.
several people didn't think so, and as mark scribbled with a stylus on a tablet in front of him,
a sturdier log appeared on the screen on the front of the room. "better?" he asked. one by
one, each scene that the group reviewed raised new issues. that old man who just ran up a
flight of stairs? he should look more winded. the facial expression of a young spy? it could
be more devilish. "chime in;" mark urged. "sound off;"
for all the barking and levity, you could feel the focused concentration in the room. what
these people were engaged in was the kind of detailed analysis-and openness to constructive
criticism-that would determine whether merely good animation would become great. mark
bore down on ten frames in which queen elinor, the mom character who has turned into a
bear, walks on stones while traversing a creek. "she looks like she's stepping more catlike
than heavy-bear-like," he said. "i like the overall speed, but i'm not feeling the weight. she's
walking like a ninja." everybody nodded and-note taken-they moved on.
dailies are master classes in how to see and think more expansively, and their impact can
be felt throughout the building. "some people show their scenes to get critique from others,
others come to watch and see what kind of notes are being given-to learn from their peers
and from me-my style, what i like and dislike," mark told me. "the dailies keep everyone in
top form. it's an intimidating room to be in because the goal is to create the best animation
possible. we go through every single frame with a fine-toothed comb, over and over and over
again. sometimes there are full-on debates because, truly, i don't have all the answers. we
work it out together."
i give this glimpse into a dailies session because sharing and analyzing a team's ongoing
work every morning is, by definition, a group effort-but it does not come naturally. people
join us with a set of expectations about what they think is important. they want to please,
impress, and show their worth. they really don't want to embarrass themselves by showing
incomplete work or ill-conceived ideas, and they don't want to say something dumb in front
of the director. the first step is to teach them that everyone at pixar shows incomplete work,
and everyone is free to make suggestions. when they realize this, the embarrassment goes
away-and when the embarrassment goes away, people become more creative. by making
the struggles to solve the problems safe to discuss, then everyone learns from-and inspires-one another. the whole activity becomes socially rewarding and productive. to participate
fully each morning requires empathy, clarity, generosity, and the ability to listen. dailies are
designed to promote everyone's ability to be open to others, in the recognition that individual
creativity is magnified by the people around you. the result: we see more clearly.
L. research trips
i was once in a conference room at disney in which two directors were pitching the latest
version of a film they were developing. the walls of the room were covered with large
corkboards, which were filled with illustrations of what happens in each act, as well as
drawings of characters and collages of inspirational artwork. to give a sense of the overall
flavor of the film, the directors had posted dozens of images from well-known movies that
they felt were in a similar visual and contextual vein: panoramic shots they hoped to mimic,
landscapes they found inspiring, character studies that showed costumes like the ones they
planned to use. while they had hoped to convey the sense of their movie idea by displaying
examples from other films, every single board was based on these iconic references, with the
unintended result that everything presented felt terribly derivative. in one way, this made
sense-every director gets into this business because they love moviesU it is inevitable that
references to other movies often pop up when talking about filmmaking. Bat pixar, we joke
that only one mention of star wars is allowed per meeting., references to movies, both good
and bad, are part of the vocabulary of talking about filmmaking. and yet if you rely too much
on the references to what came before, you doom your film to being derivative.
brad bird noticed a similar phenomenon when he was studying at the california institute of
the arts. he remembers a group of students that simply aped the animation of the masters, an
approach he dubbed "frankensteining." "they'd have a character do the kind of walk that
animator milt kahl did for medusa in the rescuers," he says. "and then they'd have her wave
her hands like frank thomas had fauna do in sleeping beauty. and so on. "
when filmmakers, industrial designers, software designers, or people in any other creative
profession merely cut up and reassemble what has come before, it gives the illusion of
creativity, but it is craft without art. craft is what we are expected to knowU art is the
unexpected use of our craft.
even though copying what's come before is a guaranteed path to mediocrity, it appears to
be a safe choice, and the desire to be safe-to succeed with minimal risk-can infect not just
individuals but also entire companies. if we sense that our structures are rigid, inflexible, or
bureaucratic, we must bust them open-without destroying ourselves in the process. the
question of how to do this must continually be addressed-there is no single answer-because
conditions and people are constantly in flux.
whenever filmmakers make a derivative presentation to john, he will often stop them,
urging them to slow down, and look beyond what they think they already know. "you must,"
he tells them, "go out and do research."
it is impossible to overstate how strongly john believes in the power of research. at his
urging, when pixar was prepping a movie about a parisian rat who aspires to be a gourmet
chef, for example, several members of ratatouille's team went to france and spent two weeks
dining in extraordinary, michelin-starred restaurants, visiting their kitchens, and interviewing
their chefs. Bthey also trudged through the paris sewers, where many a rat makes his home.,
when it was decided that carl fredrickson's balloon-propelled house would sail to the
mountains of south america in up, john sent a group of artists to see the tepuis in venezuela
up closeU not only that, but an ostrich was brought into pixar's headquarters to inspire the
animators who were modeling the giant bird character. and when a plotline emerged in
finding nemo that required nemo, who believed that all drains lead to the ocean, to escape
from a dentist's office by jumping into a sink, a trip was arranged to the san francisco sewage
treatment plant. Band yes, the filmmakers learned, it is possible for a fish to get from the
drain to the sea without being killed., many of the crew on finding nemo also became scubacertified.
these experiences are more than field trips or diversions. because they take place early in
the filmmaking process, they fuel the film's development. take monsters university as an
example. in december LJJS, more than three years before the movie premiered in theaters, a
dozen people from pixar-the director, producer, and writers, as well as several people fromthe art and story departments-flew east to visit mit, harvard, and princeton. "monsters
university was to be one of the most prestigious campuses for scaring, so we wanted to visit
big-name, old-world, prestigious schools," recalls nick berry, the film's art department
manager, who helped arrange that excursion as well as day trips to uc berkeley and stanford.
they visited dorm rooms, lecture halls, research labs, and frat housesU they hung out on the
campus lawns, ate pizza at dives that students frequented, and took a lot of pictures and notes
-"documenting everything, right down to the details of how pathways integrated into the
quads," nick says, "and what the graffiti scratches looked like on the wooden desks." the
finished film was loaded with these kinds of details-what letter jackets look like up close or
those "roommate wanted" fliers Bcomplete with rip-off tags, that students post on campus
bulletin boards-all of which gave audiences a feeling of reality.
ultimately, what we're after is authenticity. what feels daunting to the filmmakers when
john sends them out on such trips is that they don't yet know what they are looking for, so
they're not sure what they will gain. but think about it: you'll never stumble upon the
unexpected if you stick only to the familiar. in my experience, when people go out on
research trips, they always come back changed.
in any business, it's important to do your homework, but the point i'm making goes beyond
merely getting the facts straight. research trips challenge our preconceived notions and keep
clichs at bay. they fuel inspiration. they are, i believe, what keeps us creating rather than
copying.
here's a curious thing about research: the authenticity it fosters in the film always comes
through, even if moviegoers know nothing about the reality the film is depicting. very few
moviegoers have actually been inside the kitchen of a high-end french restaurant, for
example, so you might think the obsessive specificity of ratatouille's kitchen scenes-the
chefs' clogs clacking on the black-and-white tile floors, the way they hold their arms when
they cut up vegetables, or how they organize their work spaces-would be lost on the
audience. but what we've found is that when we are accurate, the audiences can tell. it just
feels right.
does this kind of microdetail matter? i believe it does. there's something about knowing
your subject and your setting inside and out-a confidence-that seeps into every frame of
your film. it's a hidden engine, an unspoken contract with the viewer that says: we are
striving to tell you something impactful and true. when attempting to make good on that
promise, no detail is too small.
M. the power of limits
there is a phenomenon that producers at pixar call "the beautifully shaded penny." it refers
to the fact that artists who work on our films care so much about every detail that they will
sometimes spend days or weeks crafting what katherine sarafian, a pixar producer, calls "the
equivalent of a penny on a nightstand that you'll never see." katherine, who was the
production manager on monsters, inc., remembers one scene that perfectly illustrates the
beautifully shaded penny idea. it occurs when a bewildered boo first arrives in mike and
sulley's apartment and begins, as toddlers do, to explore. as the monsters try to contain her,
she wanders up to two towering piles of compact discs-more than ninety in all. "don't touch
those;" mike screams as she grabs a cd case from the bottom, sending the piles crashing to
the floor. "aw, those were alphabetized," mike complains as she waddles away. the moment is
over in three seconds, and during it, only a few of the cd cases are at all visible. but for every
one of those cds, pixar artists created not just a cd cover but a shader-a program that
calculates how an object's rendering changes as it moves.
"can you see all the cd cases?" sarafian says. "no. was it fun to design them all? yes.
maybe it was an in-joke, but there was someone on the crew who believed that each one of
those was going to be seen close-up, and so they were lovingly crafted."
i don't want to think about how many person-weeks this consumed.
clearly, something in our process had broken-the desire for quality had gone well beyond
rationality. but because of the way production unfolded, our people had to work on scenes
without knowing the context for them-so they overbuilt them just to be safe. to make things
worse, our standards of excellence are extremely high, leading them to conclude that more is
always more. how, then, do you fix the "beautifully shaded penny" problem without telling
people, in effect, to care less or to be less excellent? i knew that none of these people on
monster's, inc. thought that detail was so important that they should waste time to achieve it.
and of course they knew that there were limits-they just couldn't see them. this was a
failure on management's partU the truth is, we have consistently struggled with how we set
useful limits and also how we make them visible.
many of our limits are imposed not by our internal processes but by external realities-finite resources, deadlines, a shifting economy or business climate. those things, we can't
control. but the limits we impose internally, if deployed correctly, can be a tool to force
people to amend the way they are working and, sometimes, to invent another way. the very
concept of a limit implies that you can't do everything you want-so we must think of
smarter ways to work. let's be honest: many of us don't make this kind of adjustment until
we are required to. limits force us to rethink how we are working and push us to new heights
of creativity.
another area where limits are invaluable is what we call "appetite control." in pixar's case,
when we are making a movie the demand for resources is literally bottomless. unless you
impose limits, people will always justify spending more time and more money by saying,
"we're just trying to make a better movie." this occurs not because people are greedy or
wasteful but because they care about their particular part of the film and don't necessarily
have a clear view of how it fits into the whole. they believe that investing more is the only
way to succeed.
in any creative endeavor, there is a long list of features and effects that you want to include
to nudge it toward greatness-a very long list. at some point, though, you realize it is
impossible to do everything on the list. so you set a deadline, which then forces a prioritybased reordering of the list, followed by the difficult discussion of what, on this list, is
absolutely necessary-or if the project is even feasible at all. you don't want to have this
discussion too soon, because at the outset, you don't know what you are doing. if you wait
too long, however, you run out of time or resources.
complicating matters is that frequently, neither the film's leaders nor its team members
know the true cost of the items on the list. the director may have only the fuzziest sense, for
example, of how much extra work a particular tweak to the story will require. likewise, an
artist or technical director may think that the thing they are working on is essential and may
pour his or her heart into it while having no sense of its actual value to the film. in my story
of the camper and the blown tire, dick found it difficult to separate the reality of events from
what he wanted to be true. in a complex process such as making a film, that difficulty of
separating out what you want from what you can achieve is exponentially larger. it is all the
more important to have tools that enable us to see more clearly.
brad bird likes to tell a story about exactly this conundrum. during the making of the
incredibles, he became distracted by what he calls "mirages"-scenes or ideas he fell in love
with but that, ultimately, didn't serve the film. as an example, for a long time he was
obsessed with a vision of some fish in an aquarium that would appear in the background of a
scene. he wanted them to move and flicker in a way that evoked flames in a fireplace-he
was fixated, in fact, on realizing the vision in his head. but the film's animators were really
struggling to make it look right, and after five months-and thousands of hours of work-brad suddenly realized it didn't improve the movie in any real way. a mirage had led him
astray.
luckily, brad had a producer, john walker, who came up with a system Bin collaboration
with a department manager, laura reynolds, that would help the crew see what was possible
given the available resources. john's system consisted of popsicle sticks stuck to a wall with
velcro. each stick represented a person-week, which, as i've said, is the amount of work a
single animator could accomplish in a week's time. a bunch of sticks would be lined up next
to a particular character for easy reference. a glance at the wall would tell you: if you use
that many popsicle sticks on elastigirl, you'll have less to spend on jack-jack. and so on.
"brad would come to me and say: we've got to have this done today,' " john recalls. "and i
could point to the wall and say, well, you need another stick, then. where are you going to
take the stick from? because we only have so many.' " i see this as a great example of the
positive creative impact of limits.
however, some efforts to impose limits can backfire. when john and i arrived at disney
animation in LJJP, we encountered an interesting conflict. production of animation is
complex and costly, so the previous management thought that the best way to keep
everybody operating within agreed-upon limits was to put in an "oversight group" that
would, in essence, be the eyes and ears of management. its sole mandate was to ensure that
budget and scheduling goals were met. this group pored over all of the production reports on
all of the films to make sure things were going as expected and then communicated what they
found to the studio leadership. as a result, those studio bosses felt comfortable they were
doing everything they could to avoid costly missteps.
however, from the point of view of those who worked in production on any given film, the
oversight group was a hindrance, not a help. they felt they no longer had the flexibility they
needed to respond quickly to problems because the oversight group nitpicked every decision
-even the tiniest decision-to death. they felt powerless. in this case, the way limits were
imposed impeded progress. not only that, it created political problems: increasingly, the
oversight group was at war with the production group. and, as a result, morale plummeted.
to john and me, the solution was clear: we simply eliminated the oversight group. we
believed that the production people were conscientious managers who were trying to bring a
complex project in on time and on budget. in our view, the oversight group added nothing to
the process but tension. the micromanagement they imposed was of no value, since the
production people already had a set of limits that determined their every move-the overall
budget and the deadline. within that, they needed all the flexibility they could get. as soon as
we made the change, the war ended and production began running much more smoothly.
the solution we implemented may have been obvious, but here's something that wasn't: it
could never have come from the people in the oversight group, because that would have
required them to recognize and admit that their group's existence was unnecessary. they
were not in a position to challenge the preconception that their group was based on. in
addition, the solution could never have been suggested by the leadership we replaced, either,
because they believed that the oversight group was performing an important function by
creating more transparency and imposing discipline on the process. but here was the irony:
creating this layer to enforce the limits actually made the limits less clear, diminishing their
effectiveness.
the oversight group had been put in place without anyone asking a fundamental question:
how do we enable our people to solve problems? instead, they asked: how do we prevent our
people from screwing up? that approach never encourages a creative response. my rule of
thumb is that any time we impose limits or procedures, we should ask how they will aid in
enabling people to respond creatively. if the answer is that they won't, then the proposals are
ill suited to the task at hand.
N. integrating technology and art
one of the best-loved instructors at calarts in the KSRJs was the legendary animator bob
mccrea, who took up teaching after forty years at disney, where he worked closely with walt
himself. mccrea was as beloved as he was cantankerous-andrew stanton would later
immortalize him in the character of captain b. mccrea in wall-e-and he helped shape the
creative sensibilities of many of the people who would go on to define pixar. andrew
remembers that he and his fellow calarts students saw themselves as "animation purists,"
determined to emulate masters like bob from the early days of disney. they were conflicted,
therefore, about using certain newer technologies-vhs videotape, for example-that had not
existed in the studio's heyday. if walt's nine old men didn't use videotape, andrew
remembers telling bob mccrea one day, maybe he shouldn't either.
"don't be an idiot," bob said. "if we'd had those tools then, we would have used them."
as i noted in chapter L, walt disney was unrelenting in his determination to incorporate
the cutting edge and to understand all available technologies. he brought sound and color
into animation. he developed matting for filmmaking, the multiplane camera, the xerox
room for animation cels. one of the advantages we had at pixar, from the beginning, was that
technology, art, and business were integrated into the leadership, with each of the company's
leaders-me, john, and steve-paying a fair amount of attention to the areas where we
weren't considered expert. we have worked assiduously, ever since, to maintain a balance
among all three legs of this stool. our business model, our way of making films, and our
technology continually changed, but by integrating them we let them drive each other. the
impetus for innovation, in other words, came from the inside rather than the outside.
as john often says, "art challenges technology, technology inspires art." this is not meant
to be some clever catchphrase-it articulates our philosophy of integration. when everything
is functioning as it should be, art and technology play off each other and spur each other to
new heights. given how different the two mindsets can be, it can be tough to keep them
aligned and engaged with each other. but in my view, the effort is always worth it. our
specialized skills and mental models are challenged when we integrate with people who are
different. if we can constantly change and improve our models by using technology in the
pursuit of art, we keep ourselves fresh. the whole history of pixar is a testament to this
dynamic interplay.
i have a couple of examples that demonstrate this point. while making the incredibles, brad
bird was frustrated by the imprecision-and thus the inefficiency-of giving feedback to
animators verbally. if you were talking about how to draw a better scene, for example, didn't
it make sense to sketch out your thoughts? wouldn't that be more efficient? brad asked if
there was a way that he could draw on top of a projected image-a scene that was in the
process of being animated-to communicate to animators the changes he wanted and to do so
more effectively. our software department went to work. the result: the review sketch tool,
which gives directors a digital stylus to draw directly on top of an image, then saves those
sketches and makes them accessible online to anyone who needs to reference them. in the
years since its invention, it has become an essential tool, used by all of our directors. Bthis is
what mark andrews used in the dailies session i described.,
another key innovation occurred after a frustrated pete docter stopped by my office one
day in LJJL. what he really needed, he said, was the ability to splice together rough
storyboards of a scene, time them out precisely, and then narrate over them in a braintrust
meeting, enabling him to convey the same enthusiasm and passion as he did in his initial live
pitch and better approximating the desired end result: a film. i went to one of our software
leaders, michael johnson, to see if he could put something together for pete. two weeks later,
michael came back with a prototype that would later become known as "pitch docter," in
homage to pete.
the basic problem pitch docter sought to solve is one i've mentioned before-that when a
director first pitches a movie, he or she is basically acting it out like a piece of performance
art. a pitch is dynamic. the director is able to look the audience in the eye, see how the
various elements are playing, and adjust on the fly. this performance, though, is not the film,
and when the story is put up on reels and forced to stand on its own, it frequently falls flat.
conventional pitching was good theater, in other words, but it didn't begin to simulate a
movie. pitch docter did that.
pitch docter let artists seek criticism earlier, which is always better. it allowed those giving
feedback to evaluate the material by simulating its presentation in film. initially we didn't
know if the artists would accept this way of working-they had spent their careers working
on paper, and if they were going to adopt this technology, they needed to discover and
embrace it on their own. soon, though, they saw its advantages. since storyboards are
frequently modified, having them on the computer simplified the processU the delivery of new
versions to the team was as easy as a push of a button. as more artists adopted the tool,
meanwhile, their requests for more features improved the tool itself. the software developers
and the artists worked together to move the tools forward, and the model of how the artists
did their work changed as the software evolved to meet their needs.
this process was driven both by requests from artists and suggestions from programmers-a back and forth that came about because of the integration of technology and art. michael's
team, known as the moving pictures group, meanwhile, has become an example of the
mindset we value-a mindset that doesn't fear change. we apply this concept throughout the
studio-software people rotate in and out of production. this way of doing things is
responsiveU it is nimble-and it makes us better.
O. short experiments
in most companies, you have to justify so much of what you do-to prepare for quarterly
earnings statements if the company is publicly traded or, if it is not, to build support for your
decisions. i believe, however, that you should not be required to justify everything. we must
always leave the door open for the unexpected. scientific research operates in this way-when you embark on an experiment, you don't know if you will achieve a breakthrough.
chances are, you won't. but nevertheless, you may stumble on a piece of the puzzle along the
way-a glimpse, if you will, into the unknown.
our short films are pixar's way of experimenting, and we produce them in the hopes of
getting exactly these kinds of glimpses. over the years, pixar has become known for including
short films at the beginning of our feature films. these three- to six-minute films, each of
which might cost as much as two million dollars to make, certainly don't yield any profits for
the companyU in the immediate term, then, they're hard to justify. what sustains them is a
kind of gut feeling that making shorts is a good thing to do.
our shorts tradition began in the early KSRJs, when john lasseter joined us at lucasfilm to
work on the adventures of andr and wally b. our first wave of pixar shorts-including luxo
jr., red's dream, and the oscar-winning tin toy-were a way of sharing technological
innovations with our colleagues in the scientific community. then, in KSRS, we stopped
producing them. for the next seven years, we focused instead on revenue-generating ads and
on our first feature film. but in KSSP, a year after the release of toy story, john and i decided
it was important to reinvigorate our short film program. our hope was that making shorts
would encourage experimentation and, more important, become a proving ground for
fledgling filmmakers we hoped would go on to direct features someday. we justified the
expense as r@d. if technical innovations could be honed on our short films, we figured, that
alone would make the program worth the money. in the end, the payoffs would be many-but not necessarily the ones we expected.
geri's game, which was screened in front of a bug's life in KSSR, was the first of what we
came to call our second-generation shorts. it featured an old man sitting outside in the park
in autumn and playing a cutthroat game of chess against himself. during the nearly fiveminute film-which was written and directed by jan pinkava and would go on to win an
oscar-not a word is spoken other than the occasional "ha;" that the old man utters when
slamming down a chess piece with glee. the humor is located in the way the octogenarian's
personality changes as he switches from one side of the board to the other. when his meeker
persona beats his gloating alter ego by Bliterally, turning the tables, you can't help but laugh.
but here was what mattered: in addition to being a delightful film, geri's game helped us
improve technically. our only directive to jan before he made it was that it had to include a
human character. why? because we needed to get better at them. we needed to work on
rendering not only the smoothly irregular surfaces of faces and hands but also the clothes that
people wear. at this point, remember, because of our inability to render skin and hair and
certain curved surfaces to our satisfaction, humans had only been ancillary characters in our
movies. that needed to change, and geri's game was an opportunity to start working that out.
while we'd used r@d to justify the program initially, we soon realized that our feature
films were the major drivers of technological innovation-not our shorts. in fact, in the years
since geri's game, not a single short until blue umbrella in LJKM had been instrumental in our
technological innovation. and while we thought at first that directing a short would be
superb preparation for directing a feature-a way to grow talent-we have come to believe
we were wrong on this front, too. directing a short is a terrific education, and some of what
you learn will come in handy if you ever direct a feature. but the differences between
directing a five-minute short and directing an RO-minute feature are many. doing the former
is merely a baby step on the road to the latter, not the intermediate step we thought it was.
and yet, for all our faulty assumptions, the shorts accomplished other things for pixar.
people who work on them, for example, get a broader range of experience than they would
on a feature, where the sheer scale and complexity of the project demands more
specialization among the crew. because shorts are staffed with fewer people, each employee
has to do more things, developing a variety of skills that come in handy down the line.
moreover, working in small groups forges deeper relationships that can carry forward and, in
the long term, benefit the company's future projects.
our shorts also create a deeper value in two key areas. externally, they help us forge a
bond with moviegoers, who have come to regard them as a kind of bonus-something added
solely for their enjoyment. internally, because everyone knows the shorts have no commercial
value, the fact that we continue to make them sends a message that we care about artistry at
pixarU it reinforces and affirms our values. and that creates a feeling of goodwill that we draw
on, consciously and unconsciously, all the time.
finally, we have learned that shorts are a relatively inexpensive way to screw up. Band
since i believe that mistakes are not just unavoidable but valuable, this is something to be
welcomed., many years ago, for example, we met with a children's book author who wanted
to direct a feature film for us. we liked his work and sensibility but sensed it would be wise
to try him out on a short first to determine not only whether he had filmmaking chops but
also if he could work well with others. the first sign of trouble? the film he delivered clocked
in at twelve minutes-more of a "medium" than a "short." but length is flexibleU the real
problem was that although the director was extraordinarily creative, he was unable to settle
on a spine for a story. the piece meandered, lacked focus, and thus packed no emotional
punch. it wouldn't be the first time we would find someone who was able to invent wildly
creative elements but was unable to solve the problems of story-the central and most
important creative challenge. so we pulled the plug.
some might have lost sleep over the two million dollars we expended on this experiment.
but we consider it money well spent. as joe ranft said at the time, "better to have train
wrecks with miniature trains than with real ones."
P. learning to see
in the year after toy story's release, we introduced a ten-week program to teach every new
hire how to use our proprietary software. we called this program pixar university, and i
hired a first-rate technical trainer to run it. at that point, the moniker university was a little
misleading, though, as this was more of a training seminar than anything resembling an
institution of higher learning. it is easy to justify a training program, but i had another
agenda, and in trying to accomplish it, we would find surprising bonuses.
while some people at pixar already knew how to draw-and beautifully-the majority of
our employees were not artists. but there was an important principle that underlies the
process of learning to draw and we wanted everyone to understand it. so i hired elyse
klaidman, who had taught drawing workshops inspired by the KS:S book drawing on the
right side of the brain by betty edwards, to come in and teach us how to heighten our powers
of observation. in those days, you'd often hear about the concepts of left- and right-brained
thinking, later called l-mode and r-mode. the l-mode was verbalIanalytic, r-mode was
visualIperceptual. elyse taught us that while many activities used both l-mode and r-mode,
drawing required shutting the l-mode off. this amounted to learning to suppress that part of
your brain that jumps to conclusions, seeing an image as only an image and not as an object.
think about what happens when we try to draw a face. most of us sketch out the nose,
eyes, forehead, ears, and mouth but-unless we've learned to draw formally-they're terribly
out of proportion. they don't resemble anybody in particular. that's because, to the brain, all
parts of the face are not created equal. for example, since the eyes and mouth-the loci of
communication-are more important to us than foreheads, more emphasis is put on
recognizing them, and when we draw them, we tend to draw them too large, while the
forehead is drawn too small. we don't draw a face as it isU rather, we draw it as our models
say it is.
the models of three-dimensional objects that we carry in our heads have to be generalU
they must represent all variations of the given objects. our mental model of a shoe, for
example, must encompass everything from a stiletto heel to a steel-toed bootU it can't be so
specific that it excludes those extremes. our brain's ability to generalize is an essential tool,
but some people are able to move from the general to the specific to see more clearly. to stay
with our drawing example, some people draw better than others. what are they doing that
most of us aren't? and if the answer is that they are setting aside their preconceptions, can
we all learn to do that? in most cases, the answer is yes.
art teachers use a few different tricks to train new artists. they place an object upside
down, for example, so that each student can look at it as a pure shape and not as a familiar,
recognizable thing Ba shoe, say,. the brain does not distort this upside-down object because it
doesn't automatically impose its model of a shoe upon it. another trick is to ask students to
focus on negative spaces-the areas of space around an object that are not the object itself.
for instance, in drawing a chair, the new artist might draw it poorly, because she knows what
a chair is supposed to look like Band that chair in her head-her mental model-keeps her
from reproducing precisely what she sees in front of her,. however, if she is asked to draw
what is not the chair-the spaces between the chair legs, for example-then the proportions
are easier to get right, and the chair itself will look more realistic. the reason is that while
the brain recognizes a chair as a chair, it assigns no meaning to the shape of the spaces
between the chair's legs Band, thus, doesn't try to "correct" it to make it match the artist's
mental model,.
the lesson is intended to help students to see shapes as they are-to ignore that part of the
brain that wants to turn what is seen into a general notion: a model of the chair. a trained
artist who sees a chair, then, is able to capture what the eye perceives Bshape, color, before
their "recognizer" function tells them what it is supposed to be.
the same thing is true with color. when we look at a body of water, our brains think-and
thus see-blue. if we're asked to paint a picture of a lake, we pick the color blue, and then
we're surprised that it doesn't look right on the canvas. but if we look at different points in
that same lake through a pinhole Bthus divorcing it from the overall idea of "lake",, we see
what is actually there: green and yellow and black and flashes of white. we don't let the
brain fill in. instead, we see the color as it really is.
i want to add an important side note: that artists have learned to employ these ways of
seeing does not mean they don't also see what we see. they do. they just see more because
they've learned how to turn off their minds' tendency to jump to conclusions. they've added
some observational skills to their toolboxes. Bthis is why it is so frustrating that funding for
arts programs in schools has been decimated. and those cuts stem from a fundamental
misconception that art classes are about learning to draw. in fact, they are about learning to
see.,
whether or not you ever pick up a sketchpad or dream of being an animator, i hope you
understand how it is possible, with practice, to teach your brain to observe something clearly
without letting your preconceptions kick in. it is a fact of life, though a confounding one, that
focusing on something can make it more difficult to see. the goal is to learn to suspend, if
only temporarily, the habits and impulses that obscure your vision.
i did not introduce this topic to convince you that anyone can learn to draw. the real point
is that you can learn to set aside preconceptions. it isn't that you don't have biases, more that
there are ways of learning to ignore them while considering a problem. drawing the "unchair" can be a sort of metaphor for increasing perceptivity. just as looking at what is not the
chair helps bring it into relief, pulling focus away from a particular problem Band, instead,
looking at the environment around it, can lead to better solutions. when we give notes on
pixar movies and isolate a scene, say, that isn't working, we have learned that fixing that
scene usually requires making changes somewhere else in the film, and that is where our
attention should go. our filmmakers have become skilled at not getting caught up in a
problem but instead looking elsewhere in the story for solutions. likewise at disney, the
conflict between production and the oversight group could have been addressed by insisting
that everyone behave better, when in fact, the real solution came from questioning the
premise on which the oversight group was formed. it was the setup-the preconceptions that
preceded the problem-that needed to be faced.
:. postmortems
the phases we go through while making a movie-conception, protection, developmental
planning, and production-unfold over a period of years. when the release date finally rolls
around, everyone is ready to move on to something new. but we are not done yet. at pixar,
there is one more essential phase of the process: the postmortem. a postmortem is a meeting
held shortly after the completion of every movie in which we explore what did and didn't
work and attempt to consolidate lessons learned. companies, like individuals, do not become
exceptional by believing they are exceptional but by understanding the ways in which they
aren't exceptional. postmortems are one route into that understanding.
our first postmortem was held in tiburon, california, in KSSR, a few weeks after we'd
finished a bug's life. we had made all of two films at that point and were hyperaware of how
much we still had to learn. to keep anyone from going on too long Bwe had a fifteen-minute
limit,, someone brought in a kitchen timer in the shape of a rooster. here we were, talking
about some of the most high-tech animation ever done, and we were managing the process
with an old kitchen utensil.
this postmortem, which took an entire day, delved into all aspects of the production. there
was no "aha;" moment, no epiphany that would turn our processes inside out. instead, it's
the spirit of the meeting that i remember most. everyone was so engaged in rethinking the
way we did things, so open to challenging longheld ideas and learning from the errors we'd
made. no one was defensive. everyone was proud, not only of the film but of how committed
we were to the culture from which the film had sprung. afterward, we decided we should do
this kind of deep analysis after every movie.
achieving that same level of insight in subsequent postmortems, however, proved elusive.
over the years, some were profound, and others were a complete waste of time. sometimes
people showed up but pulled their punches. i understood that this was human nature-why
poke a sleeping bear when you can just as easily move on to another campsite? in truth, to
most people postmortems seem a bit like having to swallow some kind of bad-tasting
medicine. they know it's necessary, but they don't like it one bit. this was another puzzle for
us: what was it that made some postmortems so bad, while others had a great outcome?
given that we all agree, in principle, that postmortems are good for us, i'm always struck
by how much people dread them. most feel that they've learned what they could during the
execution of the project, so they'd just as soon move on. problems that arose are frequently
personal, so most are eager to avoid revisiting them. who looks forward to a forum for being
second-guessed? people, in general, would rather talk about what went right than what went
wrong, using the occasion to give additional kudos to their most deserving team members.
left to our own devices, we avoid unpleasantness.
it isn't just postmortems, though: in general, people are resistant to self-assessment.
companies are bad at it, too. looking inward, to them, often boils down to this: "we are
successful, so what we are doing must be correct." or the converse: "we failed, so what we
did was wrong." this is shallow. do not be cowed into missing this opportunity. there are
five reasons, i believe, to do postmortems. the first two are fairly obvious, the next three less
so.
consolidate what's been learned
while it is true that you learn the most in the midst of a project, the lessons are not generally
coherent. any individual can have a great insight but may not have the time to pass it on. a
process might be flawed, but you don't have time to fix it under the current schedule. sitting
down afterward is a way of consolidating all that you've learned-before you forget it.
postmortems are a rare opportunity to do analysis that simply wasn't possible in the heat of
the project.
teach others who weren't there
even if everyone involved in a production understands what it taught them, the postmortem
is a great way of passing on the positive and negative lessons to other people who were not
on the project. so much of what we do is not obvious-the result of hard-won experience.
then again, some of what we do doesn't really make sense. the postmortem provides a forumfor others to learn or challenge the logic behind certain decisions.
don't let resentments fester
many things that go wrong are caused by misunderstandings or screw-ups. these lead to
resentments that, if left unaddressed, can fester for years. but if people are given a forum in
which to express their frustrations about the screw-ups in a respectful manner, then they are
better able to let them go and move on. i have seen many cases where hurt feelings lingered
far after the project, feelings that would have been worked through much more easily if they
had been expressed in a postmortem.
use the schedule to force reflection
i favor principles that lead you to think. postmortems-but also other activities such as
braintrust meetings and dailies-are all about getting people to think and evaluate. the time
we spend getting ready for a postmortem meeting is as valuable as the meeting itself. in other
words, the scheduling of a postmortem forces self-reflection. if a postmortem is a chance to
struggle openly with our problems, the "pre-postmortem" sets the stage for a successful
struggle. i would even say that SJ percent of the value is derived from the preparation
leading up to the postmortem.
pay it forward
in a postmortem, you can raise questions that should be asked on the next project. a good
postmortem arms people with the right questions to ask going forward. we shouldn't expect
to find the right answers, but if we can get people to frame the right questions, then we'll be
ahead of the game.
while i think the reasons for postmortems are compelling, i know that most people still resist
them. so i want to share some techniques that can help managers get the most out of them.
first of all, vary the way you conduct them. by definition, postmortems are supposed to be
about lessons learned, so if you repeat the same format, you tend to uncover the same
lessons, which isn't much help to anyone. even if you come up with a format that works well
in one instance, people will know what to expect the next time, and they will game the
process. i've noticed what might be called a "law of subverting successful approaches," by
which i mean once you've hit on something that works, don't expect it to work again, because
attendees will know how to manipulate it the second time around. so try "mid-mortems" or
narrow the focus of your postmortem to special topics. at pixar, we have had groups give
courses to others on their approaches. we have occasionally formed task forces to address
problems that span several films. our first task force dramatically altered the way we thought
about scheduling. the second one was an utter fiasco. the third one led to a profound change
at pixar, which i'll discuss in the final chapter.
next, remain aware that, no matter how much you urge them otherwise, your people will
be afraid to be critical in such an overt manner. one technique i've used to soften the process
is to ask everyone in the room to make two lists: the top five things that they would do again
and the top five things that they wouldn't do again. people find it easier to be candid if they
balance the negative with the positive, and a good facilitator can make it easier for that
balance to be struck.
finally, make use of data. because we're a creative organization, people tend to assume
that much of what we do can't be measured or analyzed. that's wrong. many of our processes
involve activities and deliverables that can be quantified. we keep track of the rates at which
things happen, how often something has to be reworked, how long something actually took
versus how long we estimated it would take, whether a piece of work was completely finished
or not when it was sent to another department, and so on. i like data because it is neutral-there are no value judgments, only facts. that allows people to discuss the issues raised by
data less emotionally than they might an anecdotal experience.
lindsey collins, one of our producers at pixar, says that data can be nothing less than
soothing. "it was such a relief for me, when i began in this job, to be able to look at historical
data and see the patterns," she says. "it took what felt like a very nebulous process and
allowed me to break it down and start to put a loose structure on it."
having introduced the subject of data, however, i want to be clear about both its power
and its limits. the power lies in the analysis of what we know about the production process-we have data, for example, on the time spent building models and sets, animating and
lighting them. this data, of course, only gives a narrow glimpse into what happened while
the models and sets were being built and lit. but it gives us something to work with to reveal
potential patterns, which can be used to feed discussions that help us improve.
there are limits to data, however, and some people rely on it too heavily. analyzing it
correctly is difficult, and it is dangerous to assume that you always know what it means. it is
very easy to find false patterns in data. instead, i prefer to think of data as one way of seeing,
one of many tools we can use to look for what's hidden. if we think data alone provides
answers, then we have misapplied the tool. it is important to get this right. some people
swing to the extremes of either having no interest in the data or believing that the facts of
measurement alone should drive our management. either extreme can lead to false
conclusions.
"you can't manage what you can't measure" is a maxim that is taught and believed by
many in both the business and education sectors. but in fact, the phrase is ridiculous-something said by people who are unaware of how much is hidden. a large portion of what
we manage can't be measured, and not realizing this has unintended consequences. the
problem comes when people think that data paints a full picture, leading them to ignore what
they can't see. here's my approach: measure what you can, evaluate what you measure, and
appreciate that you cannot measure the vast majority of what you do. and at least every once
in a while, make time to take a step back and think about what you are doing.
R. continuing to learn
i want to end this list by talking a little more about the founding of pixar university and elyse
klaidman's mind-expanding drawing classes in particular. those first classes were such a
success-of the KLJ people who worked at pixar then, KJJ enrolled-that we gradually began
expanding p.u.'s curriculum. sculpting, painting, acting, meditation, belly dancing, liveaction filmmaking, computer programming, design and color theory, ballet-over the years,
we have offered free classes in all of them. this meant spending not only the time to find the
best outside teachers but also the real cost of freeing people up during their workday to take
the classes.
so what exactly was pixar getting out of all of this?
it wasn't that the class material directly enhanced our employees' job performance. instead,
there was something about an apprentice lighting technician sitting alongside an experienced
animator, who in turn was sitting next to someone who worked in legal or accounting or
security-that proved immensely valuable. in the classroom setting, people interacted in a
way they didn't in the workplace. they felt free to be goofy, relaxed, open, vulnerable.
hierarchy did not apply, and as a result, communication thrived. simply by providing an
excuse for us all to toil side by side, humbled by the challenge of sketching a self-portrait or
writing computer code or taming a lump of clay, p.u. changed the culture for the better. it
taught everyone at pixar, no matter their title, to respect the work that their colleagues did.
and it made us all beginners again. creativity involves missteps and imperfections. i wanted
our people to get comfortable with that idea-that both the organization and its members
should be willing, at times, to operate on the edge.
i can understand that the leaders of many companies might wonder whether or not such
classes would truly be useful, worth the expense. and i'll admit that these social interactions i
describe were an unexpected benefit. but the purpose of p.u. was never to turn programmers
into artists or artists into belly dancers. instead, it was to send a signal about how important
it is for every one of us to keep learning new things. that, too, is a key part of remaining
flexible: keeping our brains nimble by pushing ourselves to try things we haven't tried before.
that's what p.u. lets our people do, and i believe it makes us stronger.
we begin life, as children, being open to the ideas of others because we need to be open to
learn. most of what children encounter, after all, are things they've never seen before. the
child has no choice but to embrace the new. if this openness is so wonderful, however, why
do we lose it as we grow up? where, along the way, do we turn from the wide-eyed child into
the adult who fears surprises and has all the answers and seeks to control all outcomes?
it puts me in mind of a night, many years ago, when i found myself at an art exhibit at my
daughter's elementary school in marin. as i walked up and down the hallways, looking at the
paintings and sketches made by kids in grades k through O, i noticed that the first- and
second-graders' drawings looked better and fresher than those of the fifth-graders.
somewhere along the line, the fifth-graders had realized that their drawings did not look
realistic, and they had become self-conscious and tentative. the result? their drawings
became more stilted and staid, less inventive, because they probably thought that others
would recognize this "fault." the fear of judgment was hindering creativity.
if fear hinders us even in grade school, no wonder it takes such discipline-some people
even call it a practice-to turn off that inner critic in adulthood and return to a place of
openness. in korean zen, the belief that it is good to branch out beyond what we already
know is expressed in a phrase that means, literally, "not know mind." to have a "not know
mind" is a goal of creative people. it means you are open to the new, just as children are.
similarly, in japanese zen, that idea of not being constrained by what we already know is
called "beginner's mind." and people practice for years to recapture and keep ahold of it.
when a new company is formed, its founders must have a startup mentality-a beginner's
mind, open to everything because, well, what do they have to lose? Bthis is often something
they later look back upon wistfully., but when that company becomes successful, its leaders
often cast off that startup mentality because, they tell themselves, they have figured out what
to do. they don't want to be beginners anymore. that may be human nature, but i believe it
is a part of our nature that should be resisted. by resisting the beginner's mind, you make
yourself more prone to repeat yourself than to create something new. the attempt to avoid
failure, in other words, makes failure more likely.
paying attention to the present moment without letting your thoughts and ideas about the
past and the future get in the way is essential. why? because it makes room for the views of
others. it allows us to begin to trust them-and, more important, to hear them. it makes us
willing to experiment, and it makes it safe to try something that may fail. it encourages us to
work on our awareness, trying to set up our own feedback loop in which paying attention
improves our ability to pay attention. it requires us to understand that to advance creatively,
we must let go of something. as the composer philip glass once said, "the real issue is not
how do you find your voice, but  getting rid of the damn thing."
chapter KK
the unmade future
many of us have a romantic idea about how creativity happens: a lone visionary conceives of
a film or a product in a flash of insight. then that visionary leads a team of people through
hardship to finally deliver on that great promise. the truth is, this isn't my experience at all.
i've known many people i consider to be creative geniuses, and not just at pixar and disney,
yet i can't remember a single one who could articulate exactly what this vision was that they
were striving for when they started.
in my experience, creative people discover and realize their visions over time and through
dedicated, protracted struggle. in that way, creativity is more like a marathon than a sprint.
you have to pace yourself. i'm often asked to predict what the future of computer animation
will look like, and i try my best to come up with a thoughtful answer. but the fact is, just as
our directors lack a clear picture of what their embryonic movies will grow up to be, i can't
envision how our technical future will unfold because it doesn't exist yet. as we forge ahead,
while we imagine what might be, we must rely on our guiding principles, our intentions, and
our goals-not on being able to see and react to what's coming before it happens. my old
friend from the university of utah, alan kay-apple's chief scientist and the man who
introduced me to steve jobs-expressed it well when he said, "the best way to predict the
future is to invent it."
this sounds like the kind of slogan you'd see on a bumper sticker, but it contains hidden
depths. invention, after all, is an active process that results from decisions we makeU to
change the world, we must bring new things into being. but how do we go about creating the
unmade future? i believe that all we can do is foster the optimal conditions in which it-whatever "it" is-can emerge and flourish. this is where real confidence comes in. not the
confidence that we know exactly what to do at all times but the confidence that, together, we
will figure it out.
that uncertainty can make us uncomfortable. we humans like to know where we are
headed, but creativity demands that we travel paths that lead to who-knows-where. that
requires us to step up to the boundary of what we know and what we don't know. while we
all have the potential to be creative, some people hang back, while others forge ahead. what
are the tools they use that lead them toward the new? those with superior talent and the
ability to marshal the energies of others have learned from experience that there is a sweet
spot between the known and the unknown where originality happensU the key is to be able to
linger there without panicking. and that, according to the people who make films at pixar
and disney animation, means developing a mental model that sustains you. it might sound
silly or woo-woo, this kind of visualization, but i believe it's crucial. sometimes-especially at
the beginning of a daunting project-our mental models are all we've got.
for example, one of our producers, john walker, stays calm by imagining his very taxing
job as holding a giant upside-down pyramid in his palm by its pointy tip. "i'm always looking
up, trying to balance it," he says. "are there too many people on this side or that side? in my
job, i do two things, fundamentally: artist management and cost control. both depend on
hundreds of interactions that are happening above me, up in the fat end of the pyramid. and
i have to be okay with the fact that i don't understand a freaking thing that's going on half
the time-and that that is the magic. the trick, always, is keeping the pyramid in balance."
so far in this section of the book, i've explored some of the mechanisms we use at pixar to
build and protect our creative culture. i've talked about specific techniques and traditions
that broaden our viewpoints-from research trips to pixar university to the braintrust. i've
talked somewhat abstractly about the importance of remaining open, not occasionally but all
the time, as a route to self-awareness. now i want to share some concrete examples of the
kinds of mental models i believe are essential to fortify and sustain anyone engaged in the
hard work of inventing something new. let's now examine several of the approaches that my
colleagues and i use to keep our doubts at bay as we push toward originality-toward that
unmade future.
when brad bird was directing the incredibles, he had a recurring anxiety dream. in this
dream, he was driving down a winding and precarious stretch of highway in a rickety old
station wagon, with no one else in the car. apparently, it was up to him to pilot the vehicle.
"but i was in the backseat;" he says. "for some reason, i still had a steering wheel, but my
visibility was terrible because of where i was sitting. basically, all i could do is say to myself,
don't crash; don't crash; don't crash;' " the takeaway, as he puts it: "sometimes, as a
director, you're driving. and other times, you're letting the car drive."
whenever i hear brad describe this dream, i'm struck by its familiar themes-blindness,
fear of the unknown, helplessness, lack of control. these fears came to him in sleep, but
during his waking hours, he sought to master them by rejecting the backseat driver analogy
in favor of a different mental model: skiing.
brad has told me that he thinks of directing the way he thinks about skiing. in either
pursuit, he says, if he tightens up or thinks too much, he crashes. there are moments, as a
director, where there is so much work to do and so little time to do it that he can't help but
feel fear. but he also knows that if he lingers too long in that frightened place, he will freak
out. "so i tell myself that i have time, even when i don't. as in, okay, i'm going to proceed as
if i have time-i'm going to sit back and muse rather than looking at the clock-because if i
sit back and muse, i'm more likely to solve the problem.' " this is where directing is a lot like
skiing. "i like to go fast," brad says, before launching into a story about a trip he took to vail
when, "in the course of a week, i cracked the lens of my goggles four times. four times i had
to go to the ski store and say, i need a new piece of plastic,' because i had shattered it
crashing into something. and at some point, i realized that i was crashing because i was
trying so hard not to crash. so i relaxed and told myself, it's going to be scary when i make
the turns really fast, but i'm going to push that mountain away and enjoy it.' when i adopted
this positive attitude, i stopped crashing. in some ways, it's probably like an olympic athlete
who's spent years training for one moment when they can't make a mistake. if they start
thinking too much about that, they'll be unable to do what they know how to do."
athletes and musicians often refer to being in "the zone"-that mystical place where their
inner critic is silenced and they completely inhabit the moment, where the thinking is clear
and the motions are precise. often, mental models help get them there. just as george lucas
liked to imagine his company as a wagon train headed west-its passengers full of purpose,
part of a team, unwavering in their pursuit of their destination-the coping mechanisms used
by pixar and disney animation's directors, producers, and writers draw heavily on
visualization. by imagining their problems as familiar pictures, they are able to keep their
wits about them when the pressures of not knowing shake their confidence.
byron howard, one of our directors at disney, told me that when he was learning to play
the guitar, a teacher taught him the phrase, "if you think, you stink." the idea resonated with
him-and it informs his work as a director to this day. "the goal is to get so comfortable and
relaxed with your instrument, or process, that you can just get zen with it and let the music
flow without thinking," he told me. "i notice the same thing when i storyboard. i do my best
work when i'm zipping through the scene, not overthinking, not worrying if every drawing is
perfect, but just flowing with and connecting to the scene-sort of doing it by the seat of my
pants."
i'm particularly struck by byron's focus on speed-on "zipping through" complex problems
of logic and storytelling-because it reminds me of what andrew stanton says about being a
director. i've told you about andrew's belief that we will all be happier and more productive
if we hurry up and fail. for him, moving quickly is a plus because it prevents him from
getting stuck worrying about whether his chosen course of action is the wrong one. instead,
he favors being decisive, then forgiving yourself if your initial decision proves misguided.
andrew likens the director's job to that of a ship captain, out in the middle of the ocean, with
a crew that's depending on him to make land. the director's job is to say, "land is that way."
maybe land actually is that way and maybe it isn't, but andrew says that if you don't have
somebody choosing a course-pointing their finger toward that spot there, on the horizon-then the ship goes nowhere. it's not a tragedy if the leader changes her mind later and says,
"okay, it's actually not that way, it's this way. i was wrong." as long as you commit to a
destination and drive toward it with all your might, people will accept when you correct
course.
"people want decisiveness, but they also want honesty about when you've effed up," as
andrew says. "it's a huge lesson: include people in your problems, not just your solutions."
this is key to an idea i introduced earlier in the book: the director, or leader, can never
lose the confidence of his or her crew. as long as you have been candid and had good reasons
for making your Bnow-flawed-in-retrospect, decisions, your crew will keep rowing. but if you
find that the ship is just spinning around-and if you assert that such meaningless activity is,
in fact, forward motion-then the crew will balk. they know better than anyone when they
are working hard but not going anywhere. people want their leaders to be confident. andrew
doesn't advise being confident merely for confident's sake. he believes that leadership is
about making your best guess and hurrying up about it so if it's wrong, there's still time to
change course.
there's something else, too. if you're going to undertake a creative project that requires
working closely with other people, you must accept that collaboration brings complications.
other people have so much to recommend them: they will help you see outside yourselfU they
will rally when you are flaggingU they will offer ideas that push you to be better. but they will
also require constant interaction and communication. other people are your allies, in other
words, but that alliance takes sustained effort to build. and you should be prepared for that,
not irritated by it. as andrew says, continuing his nautical metaphor, "if you're sailing across
the ocean and your goal is to avoid weather and waves, then why the hell are you sailing?"
he says. "you have to embrace that sailing means that you can't control the elements and that
there will be good days and bad days and that, whatever comes, you will deal with it because
your goal is to eventually get to the other side. you will not be able to control exactly how
you get across. that's the game you've decided to be in. if your goal is to make it easier and
simpler, then don't get in the boat."
andrew's mental model addresses the fear that inevitably comes when your boat is tossed
by a storm or stalls for lack of wind. if one looks at creativity as a resource that we
continually draw upon to make something from nothing, then our fear stems from the need to
make the nonexistent come into being. as we've discussed, people often try to overcome this
fear by simply repeating what has worked in the past. that leads nowhere-or, more
accurately, it leads in the opposite direction of originality. the trick is to use our skills and
knowledge not to duplicate but to invent.
in talking to directors and writers, i'm constantly inspired by the models they keep in their
heads-each a unique mechanism they use to keep moving forward, through adversity, in
pursuit of their goals. pete docter compares directing to running through a long tunnel
having no idea how long it will last but trusting that he will eventually come out, intact, at
the other end. "there's a really scary point in the middle where it's just dark," he says.
"there's no light from where you came in and there's no light at the other endU all you can do
is keep going. and then you start to see a little light and then a little more light and then,
suddenly, you're out in the bright sun." for pete, this metaphor is a way of making that
moment-the one in which you can't see your own hand in front of your face and you aren't
sure you'll ever find your way out-a bit less frightening. because your rational mind knows
that tunnels have two ends, your emotional mind can be kept in check when pitch blackness
descends in the confusing middle. instead of collapsing into a nervous mess, the director who
has a clear internal model of what creativity is-and the discomfort it requires-finds it easier
to trust that light will shine again. the key is to never stop moving forward.
rich moore, who directed wreck-it ralph for disney animation, envisions a slightly
different scenario. he imagines himself in a maze while he's making a movie. instead of
running through willy-nilly, frantically searching for his way out, he places the tips of his
fingers along one wall as he moves forward, slowing down here and there to assess and using
his sense of touch to help him remember the route he's traveled so far. but he keeps moving
so as not to panic. "i loved mazes as a kid," rich says. "but you have to keep your head to
find your way out. when i see a movie go south, i think to myself, well, they went nuts in
the maze. they freaked out in there, and it fell apart.' "
bob peterson, who has helped solve creative problems on almost every pixar film, credits
andrew with giving him a model that has been invaluable to his career. on a bug's life, bob
says, andrew compared making a movie to an archeological dig. this adds yet another
element to the picture-the idea that as you progress, your project is revealing itself to you.
"you're digging away, and you don't know what dinosaur you're digging for," bob says.
"then, you reveal a little bit of it. and you may be digging in two different places at once and
you think what you have is one thing, but as you go farther and farther, blindly digging, it
starts revealing itself. once you start getting a glimpse of it, you know how better to dig."
bob and andrew have heard me voice my objection to this particular metaphor many
times. as i've said, i believe that when we work on a movie, we are not uncovering an
existing thing that had the bad luck to get buried under eons of sedimentU we are creating
something new. but they argue that the idea the movie is in there somewhere-think of
david, trapped in michelangelo's block of marble-helps them stay on track and not lose
hope. so while i started this chapter by insisting that what moviegoers see on the screen does
not emerge fully formed from some visionary's brain, i have to allow for this idea: having
faith that the elements of a movie are all there for us to find often sustains us during the
search.
if this model resonates with you, just recognize that it has its pitfalls. even andrew warns
that during your excavation, not every bone you unearth will necessarily belong to the
skeleton you are trying to assemble. Bthere may be the bones of several different dinosaurs-or stories-mixed up in your dig site., the temptation to use everything you find, even if it
doesn't fit, is strong. after all, you probably worked hard to dig each element up. but if you
are discerning and rigorous in your analysis of each piece-if you compare it to the bits
you've found already to see if it's a match-your movie or project will reveal itself to you.
"after a while, it starts to tell me what's there," andrew says. "that's the place you're looking
for: when the movie starts to tell you what it wants to be."
michael arndt, who wrote toy story M, and i have had an ongoing dialectic about the way he
envisions his job. he compares writing a screenplay to climbing a mountain blindfolded. "the
first trick," he likes to say, "is to find the mountain." in other words, you must feel your way,
letting the mountain reveal itself to you. and notably, he says, climbing a mountain doesn't
necessarily mean ascending. sometimes you hike up for a while, feeling good, only to be
forced back down into a crevasse before clawing your way out again. and there is no way of
knowing where the crevasses will be.
i like a lot about this metaphor-except for its implication that the mountain exists. like
andrew's archeological dig, it suggests that the artist must simply "find" the piece of art, or
the idea, that is hidden from sight. it seems to me to contradict one of my central beliefs: that
the future is unmade, and we must create it. if writing a screenplay is like climbing a
mountain blindfolded, that implies that the goal is to see an existing mountain-while i
believe it should be the goal of creative people to build their own mountain from scratch.
but as i've talked to my colleagues who perform a variety of different jobs, i've come to
respect that the most important thing about a mental model is that it enables whoever relies
on it to get their job-whatever it is-done. the uncreated is a vast, empty space. this
emptiness is so scary that most hold on to what they know, making minor adjustments to
what they understand, unable to move on to something unknown. to enter that place of fear,
and to fill that empty space, we need all the help we can get. michael is a screenwriter, which
means he starts with a blank page. that requires charting the path from nothing to
something, and imagining himself as a blindfolded mountain climber serves him, he says,
because it girds him for the inevitable ups and downs of his job.
i've now described several models, and the thing i believe they have in common is the
search for an unseen destination-for land across the ocean Bandrew,, for light at the end of
the tunnel Bpete,, for a way out of the maze Brich,, for the mountain itself Bmichael,. this
makes sense for creative leaders who must guide so many people through the beats of a story
or the production of a film. at the beginning, the director's or writer's destination is unclear,
but he or she must forge ahead anyway.
producers, however, have a different, more logistical job. if directors must summon their
creative vision, and writers must impose structure and make a story sing, producers are there
to keep things real. their job is to make sure a project stays on track and on budget, so it
makes perfect sense that their mental models differ markedly from those of their colleagues.
remember john walker's upside-down pyramid? his mental model focuses not on climbing a
hill or reaching a destination but on balancing a multitude of competing demands. other
producers have their own ways of imagining their jobs, but to a one, they have this in
common: managing a multiplicity of forces, not to mention hundreds of people with minds of
their own, requires balance.
lindsey collins, a producer who has worked with andrew on several films, imagines herself
as a chameleon who can change her colors depending on which constituency she's dealing
with. the goal is not to be fake or curry favor but to be whatever person is needed in the
moment. "in my job, sometimes i'm a leader, sometimes i'm a followerU sometimes i run the
room and sometimes i say nothing and let the room run itself," she says. adapting to your
environment, like a lizard that blends into whatever background it finds itself in, is lindsey's
way of managing the competing-and potentially crazy-making-forces she encounters in her
job. "i'm a firm believer in the chaotic nature of the creative process needing to be chaotic. if
we put too much structure on it, we will kill it. so there's a fine balance between providing
some structure and safety-financial and emotional-but also letting it get messy and stay
messy for a while. to do that, you need to assess each situation to see what's called for. and
then you need to become what's called for."
how does one make such an assessment? lindsey jokes that she employs "the columbo
effect"-a reference to peter falk's iconic tv detective, who appeared to bumble his way
through a case, even as he inevitably zeroed in on the culprit. when mediating between two
groups who aren't communicating well, for example, lindsey feigns confusion. "you say, you
know, maybe it's just me, but i don't understand. i'm sorry i'm slowing you down here with
all my silly questions, but could you just explain to me one more time what that means? just
break it down for me like i'm a two-year-old.' "
good producers-and good managers-don't dictate from on high. they reach out, they
listen, they wrangle, coax, and cajole. and their mental models of their jobs reflect that.
katherine sarafian, another pixar producer, credits the clinical psychologist taibi kahler with
giving her a helpful way of visualizing her role. "one of kahler's big teachings is about
meeting people where they are," katherine says, referring to what kahler calls the process
communication model, which compares being a manager to taking the elevator from floor to
floor in a big building. "it makes sense to look at every personality as a condominium,"
katherine says. "people live on different floors and enjoy different views." those on the upper
floors may sit out on their balconiesU those on the ground floor may lounge on their patios.
regardless, to communicate effectively with them all, you must meet them where they live.
"the most talented members of pixar's workforce-whether they're directors, producers,
production staff, artists, whatever-are able to take the elevator to whatever floor and meet
each person based on what they need in the moment and how they like to communicate. one
person may need to spew and vent for twenty minutes about why something doesn't look
right before we can move in and focus on the details. another person may be all about, i
can't make these deadlines unless you give me this particular thing that i need.' i always
think of my job as moving between floors, up and down, all day long."
when she's not imagining herself in an elevator, katherine pretends she's a shepherd
guiding a flock of sheep. like lindsey, she spends some time assessing the situation, figuring
out the best way to guide her flock. "i'm going to lose a few sheep over the hill, and i have to
go collect them," she says. "i'm going to have to run to the front at times, and i'm going to
have to stay back at times. and somewhere in the middle of the flock, there is going to be a
bunch of stuff going on that i can't even see. and while i'm looking for the sheep that are
lost, something else is going to happen that i'm not aiming my attention at. also, i'm not
entirely sure where we're going. over the hill? back to the barn? eventually, i know we will
get there, but it can be very, very slow. you know, a car crosses the road, and the sheep are
all in the way. i'm looking at my watch going, oh, my god, sheep, move already;' but the
sheep are going to move how they move, and we can try to control them as best we can, but
what we really want to do is pay attention to the general direction they're heading and try to
steer a little bit."
notice how each of these models contains so many of the themes we've talked about so far:
the need to keep fear in its place, the need for balance, the need to make decisions Bbut also
to admit fallibility,, and the need to feel that progress is being made. what's important, i
think, as you construct the mental model that works best for you, is to be thoughtful about
the problems it is helping you to solve.
i've always been intrigued, for example, by the way that many people use the analogy of a
train to describe their companies. massive and powerful, the train moves inexorably down the
track, over mountains and across vast plains, through the densest fog and darkest night.
when things go wrong, we talk of getting "derailed" and of experiencing a "train wreck." and
i've heard people refer to pixar's production group as a finely tuned locomotive that they
would love the chance to drive. what interests me is the number of people who believe that
they have the ability to drive the train and who think that this is the power position-that
driving the train is the way to shape their companies' futures. the truth is, it's not. driving
the train doesn't set its course. the real job is laying the track.
i am constantly rethinking my own models for how to deal with uncertainty and change and
how to enable people. at lucasfilm, i had the image of riding bareback on a herd of wild
horses, some of them faster than others, trying to keep steady. other times, i've imagined my
feet on either side of one of those balance boards that moves atop a cylindrical roller. no
matter what image i come up with, questions remain: how do we keep from veering too far
to one side or another? how do we follow our carefully laid plans yet remain open to ideas
that are not our own? over time, with new experiences, my model has continued to evolve-and is still evolving, even as i write this book.
one model that has been extremely helpful to me i found completely by accident. it came
from the study of mindfulness, which has attracted a lot of attention in recent years, both in
academia and in business. those who write about it focus on how it helps people reduce
stress in their lives and direct their attention. but for me, it has also helped clarify my
thinking about how groups of creative people work best together.
several summers ago my wife, susan, gave me a gift that led to this insight. sensing that i
needed a break, she arranged for me to attend a silent meditation retreat at the shambhala
mountain center in red feather lakes, colorado. the week-long immersion was open to
beginners, but of the seventy people there, i was the only one who'd never meditated. for me,
the thought of spending several days in silence seemed unimaginable, even weird. i was
intrigued and sort of bumbling along, when two days into it, we went into full silence. i
wasn't sure what to do. the voice in my head chattered continuously, and i wasn't sure how
to process it. on the third day, with my mind abuzz from all the nonspeaking i was doing, i
almost bailed out.
most people have heard of the eastern teaching that it is important to exist in the moment.
it can be hard to train yourself to observe what is right now Band not to bog down in thoughts
of what was and what will be,, but the philosophical teaching that underlies that idea-the
reason that staying in the moment is so vital-is equally important: everything is changing.
all the time. and you can't stop it. and your attempts to stop it actually put you in a bad
place. it causes pain, but we don't seem to learn from it. worse than that, resisting change
robs you of your beginner's mind-your openness to the new.
at the shambhala mountain center that summer, i didn't bail. even though the
terminology was alien to me, it resonated with many of the issues i spent so much time
thinking about at pixar: control, change, randomness, trust, consequences. the search for a
clear mind is one of the fundamental goals of creative people, but the route each one of us
travels to get there is unmarked. for me, a man who has always valued introspection, silence
was a path i hadn't tried before. i've gone on a silent retreat every year since, and in addition
to benefiting personally, i have done a lot of thinking about the management implications of
mindfulness.
if you are mindful, you are able to focus on the problem at hand without getting caught up
in plans or processes. mindfulness helps us accept the fleeting and subjective nature of our
thoughts, to make peace with what we cannot control. most important, it allows us to remain
open to new ideas and to deal with our problems squarely. some people make the mistake of
thinking that they are being mindful because they are focusing diligently on problems. but if
they are doing so while subconsciously bound up with their worries and expectations, with no
awareness that they can't see clearly or that others may know more, they aren't open at all.
similarly, within organizations groups often hold so tightly to plans and past practices that
they are not open to seeing what is changing in front of them.
my thinking about this was enriched further when i happened upon a podcast of a talk
given in LJKK at an annual event called the buddhist geeks conference. there, a woman
named kelly mcgonigal delivered a talk called "what science can teach us about practice."
mcgonigal, who teaches at stanford university, discussed how recent studies of the brain's
inner workings proved that the practice of meditation can lessen human suffering-not just
the existential angst kind of suffering, which is bad enough, but actual physical pain.
first, she talked about a study done at the university of montreal in LJKJ, in which two
groups-one made up of experienced zen meditators, the other of non-meditators-were
given the exact same type of pain experience: a thermal heat source strapped to one calf.
they were hooked up to monitors that tracked which areas of the brain were stimulated.
what researchers later discovered by looking at the brain imaging was that even though the
experienced meditators weren't actively meditating in the course of the experiment, their
threshold for pain was much higher than the non-meditators'. the meditators' brains were
paying attention to the pain, mcgonigal explained, but because they knew how to turn off the
inner chatter-the running commentary our untrained brains, or monkey minds, so happily
serve up-they were better able to tolerate pain than those who did not practice meditation.
next, mcgonigal cited a similar study done at wake forest university that focused on a
group of brand new meditators who'd undergone only four days of training. when they were
brought into the laboratory and given the same pain test, some were able to tolerate greater
levels of pain than others. why? the temptation might be to surmise that these people were
simply quick studies in the art of meditation, that they were better at it than others. brain
imagery showed, however, that in fact their minds were doing the opposite of what
experienced meditators' brains do. instead of paying attention to the moment they were in,
mcgonigal said, "they were inhibiting sensory information-somehow shifting their attention
to ignore what was happening in the present moment. and that was giving rise to less
suffering: inhibiting awareness rather than carefully attending to it."
i found this fascinating-and analogous to behavior i'd witnessed as a manager. mcgonigal
was talking about the brain's tendency to suppress problems instead of facing them head-on.
what makes this even more difficult is that the people who were suppressing thought that
they were doing the same thing as the people who were addressing the problem. it is sobering
to think that in trying to be mindful, some of us accidentally end up being exactly the
opposite. we deflect and ignore. and for a while, at least, this behavior can even yield good
results. but in the experiments mcgonigal cited, people who'd made a practice of becoming
mindful didn't ignore the problem at hand-in this case, the painful heat source strapped to
their legs. they saw and felt it for what it was but quieted their reaction to it-the brain's
natural tendency to amplify by overthinking-and thus coped much better.
this model of paying attention to what is in front of you, not hanging on too tightly to the
past or the future, has proved immensely useful to me as i have tried to sort out
organizational issues and to dissuade my colleagues from clinging to processes or plans that
have outlived their usefulness. likewise, the notion of acknowledging problems Brather than
putting in place rules that seek to suppress them, has meaning to me.
ultimately, it doesn't matter if your model is different than mine. upside-down pyramid or
invisible mountain, stampeding horses or meandering sheep, what's essential is that each of
us struggles to build a framework to help us be open to making something new. the models
in our heads embolden us as we whistle through the dark. not only that, they enable us to do
the exhilarating and difficult work of navigating the unknown.
part iv
testing what we know
chapter KL
a new challenge
"i'm thinking about selling pixar to disney," steve said. to say that john and i were surprised
doesn't really begin to capture it.
"you're what?" we responded in unison.
it was october LJJO, and we'd just arrived at steve's house in palo alto, where he lived
with his wife and his three youngest kids. he'd invited us over for dinner, but suddenly,
neither john nor i had much of an appetite.
just eighteen months before, after many fruitful years together, disney and pixar had had a
very public falling out. steve and disney's chairman and ceo at the time, michael eisner, had
abruptly halted discussions to renew our partnership agreement, and there were bad feelings
all around. specifically, we were rankled by eisner's announcement of a new division within
disney animation, called circle :, which he'd created to exercise the studio's right to make
sequels to our films without our input. this was hardball, an attempt to force our hand by
wrenching control of our characters away from the people who'd created them. for john, it
was almost as if eisner were trying to kidnap his children. he loved woody, buzz, slinky dog,
rex, and the rest like he loved his own five sons and was heartbroken at the thought that he
couldn't protect them.
now, steve was thinking of joining forces with the company that had done this to him?
in retrospect, i should say that i'd had inklings that something major might be afoot. i
knew that even when steve and michael's relationship was at its worst, steve still held the
rest of disney in high regard. for example, even when he didn't agree with a proposal from
disney's marketing folks, he would remind us privately that they knew more about that than
he did. and steve felt that disney's marketing prowess, its mastery of consumer products, and
its theme parks had always made it the preferred partner for pixar, hands down.
by the time steve floated the idea of selling pixar with john and me, i also knew that a lot
had changed at disney-eisner was out, for one thing, having been replaced by bob iger. and
one of bob's first acts as ceo had been to reach out to steve in an effort to mend fences.
they'd then struck a deal to make the top shows on abc available on itunes, and largely
because of this, steve trusted bob. to steve, that deal demonstrated two things: iger was a
man of action, and he was willing to buck the knee-jerk, industry-wide trend to oppose
distribution of entertainment content on the internet. the itunes deal took about ten days to
completeU iger didn't let entrenched forces get in the way. but the fact remained: circle : was
still up and running, and still preparing to put toy story M into production without any input
from us.
as john and i sat there, trying to get our heads around a merger, steve began pacing
around his living room, laying out the reasons that it made sense. he'd studied all the angles,
of course. number one, pixar needed a marketing and distribution partner to get its movies
into theaters around the world-okay, that we knew already. number two, steve felt that a
merger would help pixar have more of a creative impact by allowing it to play on a bigger,
sturdier stage. "right now, pixar is a yacht," he said. "but a merger will put us on a giant
ocean liner, where big waves and poor weather won't affect us as much. we'll be protected."
at the end of his pitch, steve looked us in the eye and assured us that he would not go
forward with the sale unless he had both of our blessings. but he asked us to do him a favor
before we made any decisions.
"get to know bob iger," he said. "that's all i ask. he's a good man."
a few months later, in january of LJJP, the deal went through. but walt disney company's
acquisition of pixar animation studios for ':.N billion was not your typical merger. steve had
made sure of that. he proposed that john and i be put in charge of both pixar and disney
animation-i'd be president and john chief creative officer-because he thought, and bob
agreed, that if the leadership of the two studios were separate, an unhealthy competition
would emerge that would eventually drag both studios down. Bhe also thought, frankly, that
making us the stewards of both entities would guarantee that pixar's traditions didn't get
overtaken by those of the much larger corporation, the walt disney company.,
the result was that john and i suddenly had the rare opportunity to take the ideas we'd
honed over decades at pixar and test them in another context. would our theories about the
necessity of candor, fearlessness, and self-awareness bear out in this new environment? or
were they peculiar to our own, smaller shop? figuring out the answers-not to mention how
to manage two very different companies in a way that benefited both-would fall largely to
john and me.
john has always thought of pixar as a studio full of pioneers who pride themselves on
having invented a new art form while always aspiring to the highest level of storytelling.
disney animation, by contrast, is a studio with a grand heritage. it's the gold standard of
animation excellenceU its employees yearn to make movies that are worthy of walt-as good
as those he made but resonant in our time. to be honest, john and i had no idea whether our
theories about how to manage creative people would hold up there. the challenge was to
keep pixar healthy while making disney animation great again.
this chapter is largely devoted to some of the ways we went about that, and it goes to the
heart of one of the main reasons i wrote this book. you'll recall that my new goal after the
completion of toy story was to figure out how to make a sustainable creative environment.
pixar's joining with disney was our chance to prove-to ourselves, if not anyone else-that
what we'd created at pixar could work outside of pixar. both the run-up to the acquisition
and its execution provided the ultimate case study, and as such, it was enormously exciting to
be a part of. first, i'll talk about how the merger came to pass in the first place, because i
believe we did several things in the very early stages that put our partnership on a strong
footing.
"get to know bob iger," steve had said. so a few weeks later, i did.
we met for dinner near the disney studios in burbank, and i liked him immediately. the
first thing he did was tell me a story: a month earlier, at the opening of hong kong
disneyland, he'd had an epiphany. it happened as he was watching a parade of characters
trooping by: donald duck, mickey mouse, snow white, ariel  and buzz lightyear and
woody. "it occurred to me that the only classic characters that had been created in the past
ten years were pixar characters," bob said. he told me that while the walt disney company
had many interests-from theme parks to cruise ships to consumer products to live-action
films-animation would always be its lifeblood, and he was determined to see that part of the
business rise again.
one thing that struck me about bob was that he preferred asking questions to holding forth
-and his queries were incisive and straightforward. something unusual had been built at
pixar, he said, and he wanted to understand it. for the first time in all the years that pixar
and disney had worked together, someone from disney was asking what we were doing that
made our company different.
bob had already been through two major acquisitions in his career as an executive-when
capital cities communications bought the american broadcasting company in KSRO and
when disney bought cap citiesIabc in KSSP. one, he said, was a good experience and the
other a negative one, so he knew firsthand how destructive it could be when one culture was
allowed to dominate the other in a merger. should the pixar acquisition go forward, he
assured me, he was going to work hard not to let that happen. his agenda was clear: reviving
disney animation while also preserving pixar's autonomy.
a few days later, john had dinner with bob, and afterward, we sat down to compare notes.
john agreed that bob seemed to share our core values, but he was worried about the
acquisition destroying what we held most dear: a culture of candor and freedom and the kind
of constructive self-criticism that allowed our people, and the movies they made, to evolve
into their best selves. john often likens the pixar culture to a living organism-"it's like we
found a way," he once told me, "to grow life on a planet that had never supported it
before"-and he didn't want anything to threaten its existence. we believed bob had good
intentions but were wary of the larger company's ability-even inadvertently-to roll over us.
still, bob had reassured john by indicating he wanted to work together to make sure that
didn't happen. the deal was going to be expensive, he told us, and in lobbying for it with the
disney board, he was putting his own reputation on the line. why, bob asked, would he
endanger the value of the asset disney was buying?
we had come to the fork in the road. a decision had to be made, and there were major
factors to consider. what would the relationship between the studios really be? could pixar
and disney animation flourish independent of one another, separate but equal?
in mid-november LJJO, john, steve, and i met for dinner at one of steve's favorite
japanese restaurants in san francisco. as we discussed the challenges of the merger, steve
told a story. twenty years before, in the early KSRJs, apple was developing two personal
computers-the macintosh and the lisa-and steve was asked to preside over the lisa
division. it was a job he didn't want, and he admitted that he didn't handle it well: instead of
inspiring the lisa team, he basically told them that they had already lost out to the mac team
-in other words, that their work was never going to pay off. he'd effectively crushed their
spirits, he told us, and that had been wrong. should this merger happen, he continued, "what
we have to do is to not make people at disney animation feel like they've lost. we have to
make them feel good about themselves."
the fact that john and i had such affection for disney would certainly help with that. we
had both spent our lives trying to live up to walt disney's artistic ideals, so the thought of
walking through the doors of disney animation, entrusted with the mission of reinvigorating
its people and helping them return to greatness, felt daunting but also worthy and important.
by the end of dinner, the three of us were in agreement. the future of pixar, of disney, and of
animation itself would be brighter if we joined forces.
john and i understood that this news would come as a shock to our colleagues at pixar.
B"we figured that everybody would feel exactly the same as we did when steve first floated
the idea in his living room," john recalls., before any official announcement, then, we needed
to do everything we could to ensure that people felt safe and that we had taken steps to
prevent change being made for the wrong reasons. with iger's blessing, then, we set about
drafting a document that came to be known as "the five year social compact." this sevenpage, single-spaced list was an enumeration of all the things that had to remain the same at
pixar, should the merger go through.
the document's fifty-nine bullet points addressed many topics you might expect:
compensation, hr policies, vacation, and benefits. Bitem number K ensured that pixar's
executive team could still reward employees with bonuses, as pixar has always done, once a
film's box-office receipts reached a certain benchmark., others were strictly related to
personal expression. Bnumber KK, for example, stated that pixar employees must remain free
to exercise their creative freedom with their titles and names on their business cardsU number
MM ensured that pixar's people could continue to exert "personal cubeIofficeIspace decorating
to reflect person's individuality.", some sought to preserve popular company rituals. Bnumber
KL: "event parties Bholiday, wrap, various events, are prevalent at pixar. various holiday
parties, end of film parties, the annual car show, the paper airplane contest, cinco de mayo
festivities and the summer barbecue to name a few.", some sought to ensure the survival of
pixar's egalitarian ethos. Bnumber LS: "no assigned parking for any employee, including
executives. all spaces are first-come, first served.",
we couldn't say for sure that these items we sought to safeguard were what had propelled
us to such success, but we felt strongly about them, and we were going to work hard to
prevent them from changing. we were different, and since we believe being different helps us
maintain our identity, we wanted to remain that way.
there was one other important factor that shaped the deal that was not reported at the
time. it related to the issue of trust. as we were finalizing the merger, disney's board of
directors didn't like the fact that key pixar talent was not under contract.
if disney bought us and then john or i or certain other leaders left the company, they felt,
it would be a disaster, so they asked that we all sign contracts before the deal went through.
we declined. it is a tenet of the pixar culture that people should work there because they
want to, not because a contract requires them to, and as a result, no one at pixar was under
contract. but even though this rejection was based on a core belief, it made the deal feel
questionable for disney. on the pixar side, meanwhile, there was considerable concern that
the disney bureaucracy would inadvertently destroy what we had built. both sides, then, felt
at considerable risk. the result, though, was that at the heart of this merger was an
understanding that both companies had to trust each other. each side felt a personal
obligation to live up to the intent of the agreement-and i believe this was the ideal way to
begin our relationship.
on the day of the sale, bob flew up to pixar's headquarters in emeryville, near oakland, for
the announcement, and once the documents were signed and the stock exchanges were
notified, steve, john, and i walked out onto a stage at the far end of pixar's atrium and
greeted all eight hundred of our employees. this was a crucial moment for the company, and
we wanted our colleagues to understand its genesis and how the deal would work.
one by one, john, steve, and i spoke about the thinking behind the deal-how pixar
needed a strong partner, how this was a positive step in our evolution, and how determined
we were, despite the changes, to protect our culture. looking out into the faces of our
colleagues, i could see that they were upset-as we knew they would be. we, too, were
emotional. we loved our colleagues and the company they'd built, and we knew how big a
change we were setting in motion.
we welcomed bob onto the stage then, and our people greeted him with a warmth that
made me proud. bob told the pixar staff exactly what he'd told us: that he loved the work we
did, first of all, but also that he'd been through one bad merger and one good one in his life-and he was determined to do this right. "disney animation needs help, so i have two
options," he said. "one, to leave the place in the hands of the people who are already in
chargeU or two, to go to people who i trust, who have a proven track record of making great
stories and characters that people love. that's pixar. i promise you that the culture of pixar
will be protected."
later, in an hour-long conference call with analysts, steve and bob moved to make good on
that promise: they announced that circle : would be shut down. "we feel very strongly,"
steve said, "that if the sequels are going to be made, we want the people who were involved
in the original films involved."
it was the end of the day before john, steve, and i had a chance to take a breath, heading
upstairs and ducking into my office. the minute the door shut behind us, steve put his arms
around us and began to cry, tears of pride and relief-and, frankly, love. he had succeeded in
providing pixar, the company he'd helped turn from a struggling hardware supplier into an
animation powerhouse, with the two things it needed to endure: a worthy corporate partner
in disney and, in bob, a genuine advocate.
the next morning, john and i flew to disney headquarters in burbank. there were hands to
shake and executives to meet, but our main purpose that day was to introduce ourselves to
the eight hundred men and women who worked at disney animation and to assure them that
we came in peace. at three o'clock, we walked over to soundstage : on the disney back lot, a
cavernous space that was packed with animation employees standing shoulder to shoulder.
bob spoke first. he said that the acquisition of pixar should not be seen as a sign of
disrespect to disney's ranks but rather as proof of how deeply he loved animation and saw it
as disney's core business. when it was my turn to speak, i kept it brief. i told my new
colleagues that a company could only be great if its employees were willing to speak their
minds. from that day forward, i said, every disney animation employee should feel free to
talk to any colleague, regardless of position, and not be afraid of repercussions. this was a
central tenet at pixar, though i was quick to add that this would be one of the few times that i
would import an idea from emeryville without discussing it with them first. "i want you all to
know i do not want disney animation to be a clone of pixar," i said.
i was eager to turn the microphone over to john, the kindred spirit whom so many of the
artists in the room already revered. i sensed that john's presence would reassure them about
the transition, and i was right. john gave an impassioned speech about the importance of
story and character development and how both got better when artists and filmmakers
worked together in a culture of mutual respect. he talked about what it meant to be a
director-driven animation company that made movies that sprung from people's hearts and
connected in a real way with audiences.
judging by how the disney employees were cheering, i gathered that-just as steve had
requested-john and i didn't make them feel like they'd lost the battle. years later, i would
ask the director nathan greno-who had been at disney animation for a decade when we
arrived-what was going through his mind that morning when the merger was announced.
"here's what i thought," he told me. "i thought, maybe now the disney i wanted to work for
when i was a kid will come back.' "
my first day in burbank, i arrived at disney animation before eight in the morning. i wanted
to walk the halls before anyone else got there-just to get the lay of the land. i arranged to
meet disney's facilities manager, chris hibler, for a tour. we started in the basement, and the
first thing i noticed was the strange lack of personal items on employees' desks. at pixar,
people's work areas are virtual shrines to individuality-decorated, adorned, modified in
ways that express the quirks and passions of the person who occupies that space. but here,
the desks were sterile, cookie-cutter, utterly without personality. when i first mentioned this
to chris, he muttered something evasive and kept moving. it was so stark that i brought it up
again a few minutes later-and again, he demurred. as we headed up the stairs into the heart
of the building, i turned and asked chris directly why it was that people in such a creative
environment didn't personalize any part of their work areas. was there a policy against it?
the place looked, i said, as if no one spent any time there. at this point, chris stopped and
faced me. in anticipation of my arrival, he confided, everybody had been told to clean off
their desks in order to make "a good first impression."
this was an early indication of how much work lay ahead of us. for me, the alarming thing
wasn't the lack of tchotchkes. it was the pervasive sense of alienation and fear that the total
lack of individuality represented. there seemed to be undue emphasis put on preventing
errorsU even when it came to something as small as office decor, no one dared to put
themselves out there, or to make a mistake.
that sense of alienation was also reflected in the design of the building itself. its layout
seemed to impede the collaboration and exchange of ideas that steve, john, and i believed
was so fundamental to creative work. employees were spread out over four floors, which
made it a chore to drop in on one another. the bottom two floors were dungeon-like, with
dreary, dropped ceilings, very few windows, and almost no natural light. instead of inspiring
and fostering creativity, it could hardly have felt more stifling and isolating. upstairs on the
top floor, the "executive suite" was set off by an imposing portal that discouraged entry-creating a sort of gated community kind of vibe. to put it simply, it struck me as a lousy work
environment.
one of our most pressing orders of business, then, would be some basic remodeling. first,
we turned the off-putting executive suite on the top floor into two spacious story rooms
where filmmakers could gather to brainstorm about their films. john and i put our offices on
the second floor, right in the middle of things, and removed the secretarial cubicles that had
functioned as a sort of obstacle to access Binstead, most secretaries got their own offices,.
john and i made a point of leaving the shades on our office windows open so that people
could see us and we could see them. our goal-in our words and our actions-was to
communicate transparency. instead of a portal separating "us" from "them," we installed a
carpet whose brightly colored panels, like lanes of a road, guided people toward our offices,
not away from them. we ripped out several walls to create a central gathering place right
outside our doors, complete with a new coffee and snack bar.
these may sound like symbolic or even superficial touches, but the messages they sent set
the stage for some major organizational changes. and there were many more to come. i told
you in chapter KJ how we eliminated the "oversight group" that was charged with poring
over production reports to make sure that films were progressing as expected-but really just
ended up eroding staff morale. unfortunately, that group was just one of several hierarchical
mechanisms that were impeding creativity at disney animation. we tried as best we could to
take each of them on, but at first, i'll admit it felt like an uphill climb.
since we didn't know much of anything about the people, the directors, or the projects at
disney, we had to do a quick audit. john and i asked to be briefed on each film that was
under way, and i interviewed every one of the studio's managers and leaders, producers and
directors. in truth, i couldn't deduce much from those interviews, but they weren't wasted
time-since john and i were perceived as the new sheriffs in town, it was good to prove that i
was human just by sitting there talking. overall, we knew that the studio's way of thinking
about films wasn't working, but we didn't know if that was because its leaders lacked ability
or if they were just trained poorly. we had to start by assuming that they'd inherited bad
practices and that it was our job to reteach them. this led us to look for people who were
willing to grow and learn, but this is the kind of thing that you can't ascertain quickly, and
there were about eight hundred people to assess.
nonetheless, we moved forward with a strategy.
we needed to create a version of the braintrust and teach the studio's people how to work
within it. while the directors liked each other, each movie at disney had been set up to
compete for resources, so they were not bonded as a group. in order to create a healthy
feedback loop, we'd have to change that.
we had to figure out who the actual leaders within the studio were Bthat is, not assume the
people in the biggest offices were leading,.
it was clear that there was internal contention between productions and between technical
groups. as far as i could tell, the contentiousness grew out of misconceptions rather than
anything substantive. we needed to fix that.
we made the decision early on that we would keep pixar and disney animation completely
separate. this was a critical decision that was not obvious to most people. most people
assumed that pixar would do Md movies and disney would do Ld. or they assumed that we
would merge the two studios or mandate that disney use the pixar tools. but the key, to us,
was separation.
john and i began shuttling back and forth, at least once a week, from emeryville to
burbank. at first, pixar's cfo joined us to help think through and implement procedural
changes, and one of our technical leaders helped disney reform its technical group. other
than that, we did not allow either studio to do any production work for the other.
with these strategies in place, we could dive into figuring out what to do.
one top executive at disney got my attention right away by telling me that he didn't know
why disney had bought pixar in the first place. apparently a lover of sports analogies, he told
me that disney animation was on the one-yard line, ready to score. he felt disney was on the
verge of fixing its own problems-and finally ending its sixteen-year fallow period without a
single number one film. i liked this guy's moxie and his willingness to push back, but i told
him that if he were to continue at disney, he needed to figure out why, in fact, disney was
not on the one-yard line, not about to score, and not about to fix its own problems. this
executive was smart, but over time i realized that to ask him to help dismantle a culture he
had built was too much, so i had to let him go. he was so fixated on existing processes and
the notion of being "right" that he couldn't see how flawed his thinking was.
in the end, the person i turned to for leadership was the person many assumed i would let
go right off the bat: the head of circle :, andrew millstein. most people thought that john
and i would automatically view anybody associated with those pixar "sequels" as tainted, but
in truth, that didn't even occur to us. the circle : people had nothing to do with the decision
to make sequels to pixar filmsU they were just hired to do a job. when i sat down with him,
andrew struck me as thoughtful and eager to understand the new direction we were headed
in. "our filmmakers had lost their voices," he told me, summing up the problem. "it wasn't
that they had no desire to express themselves, but there was an imbalance of forces in the
organization-not just within it, but between it and the rest of the corporation-that
diminished the validity of the creative voice. the balance was gone."
it's easy to see that andrew spoke my language. this was someone i could work with.
eventually, we'd make him general manager of the studio.
another lucky break for us was that our head of human resources at disney animation was
ann le cam. even though she was steeped in the old ways of doing things, ann had an
intellectual curiosity and a willingness to remake the animation studio in a different image.
she became my guide to the inner workings of disney, while i encouraged her to think in new
ways about her job. for example, not long after i arrived, she sat down in my office and
presented me with a two-year plan that laid out exactly how we should manage various
staffing issues going forward. the document was specific about targets we would reach and
when we would reach them. it was meticulous-she'd spent two months preparing it-so i
was gentle when i told her it wasn't what i wanted. to show her what i wanted, i drew a
pyramid on a piece of paper. "what you have done in this report is to assert that in two years
we will be here," i said, putting my pencil lead at the top of the pyramid. "once you assert
that, though, it's human nature that you will focus only on making it come true. you will stop
thinking about other possibilities. you will narrow your thinking and defend this plan
because your name will be on it and you will feel responsible." then i started drawing lines
on the pyramid to show how i'd prefer she approach it.
the first line i drew Bfig. K, above, represented where we would aim to go in three months.
the next one Bfig. L, represented where we might be in three more Band you'll note that it
didn't stay within the boundaries of ann's two-year plan,. chances are, i said, we would end
up somewhere other than the top of the pyramid she'd imagined. and that Bfig. M, was as it
should be. instead of setting forth a "perfect" route to achieving future goals Band sticking to
it unwaveringly,, i wanted ann to be open to readjusting along the way, to remaining
flexible, to accepting that we would be making it up as we go. not only did she intuitively
grasp what i was talking about, she also soon undertook a painful reorganization of her own
group to align it with the new way of thinking.
some things that needed fixing at the studio were glaringly obvious. for example, as we
talked to disney directors, we discovered that they were used to receiving three sets of notes
on their films. one came from the studio's development department, another from the head of
the studio, and a third from michael eisner himself. the notes were not, in fact, "notes." they
were mandatory, delivered as a list, with boxes next to each item-boxes that had to be
checked as each note was executed. even worse: none of the people who were giving these
notes had ever made a film before, and the three sets of notes often conflicted with one
another, creating a sort of schizophrenic quality to the feedback. this concept, completely
counter to what we believed and practiced at pixar, could only result in an inferior product,
so we made an announcement: from that day forward, there would be no more mandatory
notes.
disney animation's directors needed a feedback system that worked, so we immediately set
about helping them create their own version of the braintrust-a safe arena in which to
solicit and interpret candid responses to developing projects. Bthis was made easier by the
fact that they already liked and trusted each other. even before our arrival, we were told,
they'd formed their own under-the-radar group called the story trust, but the lack of
management understanding for that concept had prevented it from evolving into a coherent
forum., as soon as possible, we flew about a dozen disney directors and story people up to
pixar to observe a braintrust session about brad bird's ratatouille. however, john and i told
them they were only allowed to observe, not participate. we wanted them to be flies on the
wall-to see how different things could be when people felt free to be candid and when notes
were offered in the spirit of helpfulness rather than derision.
the next day, several pixar directors, writers, and editors accompanied the disney crew
back down to burbank to observe a story trust meeting on a film in the works there called
meet the robinsons. here, too, we insisted that the pixar team observe quietly, saying nothing.
i thought i noticed a bit more ease in the room that day, as if the disney people were
cautiously feeling for the limits of their new freedom, and the producer of the film later told
me it was the most constructive notes session she had ever seen at disney. still, both john
and i sensed that while everyone embraced the idea of organized candor on an intellectual
level and could begin to approximate it when instructed, it would be a while before it came
naturally.
a key moment in this evolution came in the fall of LJJP, nine months after the merger, at a
story trust meeting in burbank. it happened after a fairly awful screening of american dog, a
film structured around a famous and pampered canine actor Bthink rin tin tin, who believed
that he was the superhero character he played on tv. when he found himself stranded in the
desert, he had to face for the first time how his tidy, scripted life had not prepared him for
reality-that he, in fact, had no special powers. that was all well and good, but somewhere
along the way, the plot had also come to include a radioactive, cookie-selling girl scout
zombie serial killer. i'm all for quirky ideas, but this one had metastasized. the movie was
still finding its way, to say the least, so john started off the meeting, as he often does, by
focusing on the things he liked about it. he also indicated he saw some problems, but he
wanted to give the disney folks the chance to take the lead on those, so instead of digging in
and getting too specific, he threw the meeting open to the floor. throughout the meeting the
comments stayed at a superficial level, remaining strangely upbeat-judging by the
commentary, you would have never known the film was in disarray. afterward, one of the
disney directors confided to me that many people in the room had major reservations about
the film but didn't say what they thought because john had kicked things off so positively.
taking their cues from him, they didn't want to go against what they thought he liked. not
trusting their own instincts, they held back.
john and i immediately arranged a dinner with the directors-and told them that if they
ever resorted to that kind of thinking again, we'd be finished as a studio.
"disney animation was sort of like a dog that had been beaten again and again," byron
howard, the director, told me when i asked him to describe the mindset back then. "the crew
wanted to succeed, but they were afraid of pouring their hearts into something that wasn't
going to succeed. you could feel that fear. and in notes meetings, everyone was so afraid of
hurting someone's feelings that they held back. we had to learn that we weren't attacking the
person, we were attacking the project. only then could we create a crucible that boils away
everything that's not working and leaves the strongest framework."
earning trust takes timeU there's no shortcut to understanding that we really do rise and fall
together. without vigilant coaching-pulling people aside who didn't speak their minds in a
particular meeting, say, or encouraging those who seem eternally hesitant to jump into the
fray-our progress could have easily stalled. telling the truth isn't easy. but i can say that
today, disney's story trust is made up of individuals who understand not only that they must
do the difficult work of leveling with one another but how to do it better.
in those first months, we also moved to bolster trust within the studio in another way: just
as we had refused to sign employment contracts, we now moved to eliminate contracts for
everyone. at first, many people thought the move was an attempt to wrest power away from
the employees and give them less security. in fact, my feeling about employment contracts is
that they hurt the employee and the employer. the contracts in question were one-sided in
favor of the studio, resulting in unexpected negative consequences. first and foremost, there
was no longer any effective feedback between bosses and employees. if someone had a
problem with the company, there wasn't much point in complaining because they were under
contract. if someone didn't perform well, on the other hand, there was no point in
confronting them about itU their contract simply wouldn't be renewed, which might be the
first time they heard about their need to improve. the whole system discouraged and
devalued day-to-day communication and was culturally dysfunctional. but since everybody
was used to it, they were blind to the problem.
i wanted to break that cycle. i believed that it was our responsibility to make sure that
disney animation was a place that people would want to workU if our most talented people
could leave, then we would have to be on our toes to keep them happy. when someone had a
problem, we wanted it to be brought quickly to the surface, not to fester. most people know
that they don't get their way on everything, but it is very important that they know they are
being dealt with straightforwardly and that they, too, will be heard.
as i have said, we decided early on that pixar and disney animation should remain
completely separate entities. what this meant was that neither would do any production work
for the other, no matter how pressing the deadlines or how dire the situation. no exceptions.
why? because mixing the two staffs would have been a bureaucratic nightmare. but there
was an overarching management principle at work as well. simply put, we wanted each
studio to know that it could stand on its own and solve its own problems. if we made it easy
for one studio to borrow people or resources from the other to help solve a problem, the
upshot would be that we'd mask the problem. not allowing such borrowing was a conscious
choice on our part to force problems to the surface where we could face them head on.
almost immediately, we had a crisis on ratatouille that would severely test this policy.
i mentioned earlier that we switched directors on this film midstream-bringing in brad
bird, fresh off the incredibles, who came in and reworked the story in ways that required a
serious technical reboot. specifically, while in the earlier version all the rats had walked on
two feet, brad felt strongly that Bwith the exception of remy, our hero, they should walk on
four-like real rats. what that meant was that the rats' "rigging"-a set of complex controls
that let animators manipulate the shape and position of the computerized model-had to be
changed significantly. finding themselves way behind schedule, the production team at pixar
felt that it did not have the resources to do the rerigging that brad's four-footed decision
required. the producer said that they couldn't finish the film by the deadline unless they
could borrow some people from disney, which was in a lull between projects, to help out. we
said no, not an option. we had already explained the logic to everybody, but i suppose they
wanted to see if we really meant it. i can't blame themU getting extra people was easier than
having to solve the problems. but in the end, the ratatouille team figured out how to make
the film, on time, with what they had.
not long after, disney would have a crisis of its own on american dog. i mentioned earlier
the emergence of a serial killer storyline, which-while we prided ourselves on always
remaining open to new ideas-seemed a tad dark for a family film. despite our misgivings,
though, we decided to give the movie a chance to evolve. finding a movie's throughline
always takes time, we told ourselves. but after ten months of story trust meetings-and very
little improvement-we concluded that the only option was to restart the project. we asked
chris williams, a veteran story artist best known for mulan and the emperor's new groove,
and byron howard, then a supervising animator on lilo and stitch, to step in as its directors.
immediately, they began reconceiving the movie. the serial killer was tossed, and the movie
was renamed bolt. one of the biggest problems, they felt, was that bolt himself wasn't
appealing enough, visually, to carry the film. "he just wasn't ready," byron recalled, adding
that right before christmas LJJ:, "we had a this dog looks bad' meeting, where we said,
what the hell are we going to do about it?' and two of our animators stepped forward and
over their christmas break, worked with our riggers to redo the dog. they spent their whole
two-week vacation here, but when we came back, bolt had gone from LJ percent appealing to
SJ percent appealing."
with much to do and little time to do it, bolt's producer, clark spencer, asked if they could
borrow some pixar production people. again, john and i said no. it was important, we felt,
for each studio to know that when they finished a film, nobody had bailed them out-they'd
made it themselves.
chris later told me that to be at the helm of a production whose crew showed this kind of
commitment, under such pressure, was energizing. "it was amazing to find myself in the
middle of this thing that was so galvanizing for the whole studio," he recalled. "in my fifteen
years at disney, i'd never seen people work so hard and complain so little. they were really
invested in this thing-they knew it was the first movie under john-and they wanted it to
be great."
which was good because, as it turned out, yet another crisis was looming.
very late in the game, problems arose around rhino the hamster, our hero's trusty-if
deluded-sidekick and the funniest character in the movie. at the beginning of LJJR, with
only months left to go on the production, the animators reported that rhino was proving
prohibitively time-consuming to animate. the problem was, ironically, sort of the inverse of
the one pixar had on ratatouille. the rebooted script required rhino to be able to walk on
two legs, but he'd originally been designed to walk on four. which doesn't sound like a big
deal, but animating a two-legged character with a four-legged rigging design is extremely
difficult to pull off without the character appearing distorted. this was a major setback.
rhino was key to the humor and exposition of the film, but the animators said that he was so
hard to animate that it was impossible for them to finish on time. desperate, we turned for
help to the film's technical directors and asked if they could simplify the character's rigging
to make it easier to animate. their answer? rerigging would take six months, which was all
the time we had left to make the movie. in other words, we were screwed.
john and i called a company-wide meeting. we explained the situation and i gave what
some at disney still call "the toyota speech," in which i described the car company's
commitment to empowering its employees and letting people on the assembly line make
decisions when they encountered problems. in particular, john and i stressed that no one at
disney needed to wait for permission to come up with solutions. what is the point of hiring
smart people, we asked, if you don't empower them to fix what's broken? for too long, a
culture of fear had stymied those who wanted to step outside of disney's accepted protocols.
that kind of timidity wasn't going to make disney animation great, we said. innovation
would, and we knew they had it in them. we challenged them to step up and help us fix this
problem.
after this meeting, three members of the crew took it upon themselves, over the weekend,
to remodel and rerig rhino. within a week, the project was back on track.
why was a problem that took a few days to solve originally projected to take six months?
the answer, i think, lay in the fact that for too long, the leaders of disney animation
placed a higher value on error prevention than anything else. their employees knew there
would be repercussions if mistakes were made, so the primary goal was never to make any.
to my mind, that institutional fear was behind the bolt rerigging snafu. with the best
intentions, the film's production managers had responded to the crisis with a timetable that
would ensure a character that was fully functional with no errors. Bthe irony is that if a
solution only takes a few days to find, then you don't care so much if there are errors because
you will have plenty of time to fix them., but seeking to eliminate failure was in this instance
-and, i would argue, most instances-precisely the wrong thing to do.
in order for three people to decide to get together offline and dream up solutions, we had
to instill an ethos at disney animation that made that behavior okay whether or not they were
successful. that ethos had been at the studio once, but it was sadly absent when we arrived. it
was nothing short of exhilarating to see it come back, full force, on bolt. chris and byron and
their creative team were open and responsive and, most important, able to move the focus
away from the notion of the "right" way to fix the problem to actually fixing the problem-a
subtle but important distinction.
even before bolt opened to positive reviews and solid box office, the impact of these
internal victories had reinvigorated the ranks of disney animation. by pulling together,
they'd turned a humdrum, stalled project into a compelling one-and in record time. by early
LJJS, when the film received an oscar nomination for best animated feature film, it felt like
a bonus. it's difficult sometimes to tell the difference between what is impossible and what is
possible Bbut requires a big reach,. at a creative company, mistaking one for the other can be
fatal-but getting it right always elevates. at disney, bolt was the movie that proved this
truth. we were part of the way there.
it's not often talked about, but after the merger, there was some discussion of shutting disney
animation down altogether. the argument for doing so, expressed by steve jobs among
others, was that john and i would be spread too thin to do a good job at both places-and
that we should focus our energies on keeping pixar strong. but john and i dearly wanted the
opportunity to help revive disney animation, and bob iger supported us in that goal. we
believed, in our souls, that the studio could be golden again.
still, steve's worry about our stamina-or, put another way, about our inability to be in
two places at once-wasn't unfounded. we had only so many hours in each day, and pixar
would by definition be getting less of them than it once had. from the moment the merger
was announced, john and i had attempted to ease our colleagues' fears by hosting several gettogethers for anyone who wanted to hear more about why we thought the merger made
sense. still, as we began to spend more time at disney, the general feeling at pixar, which
many people articulated to john and me directly, was that our reduced presence in
emeryville, and our focus on burbank's needs, was a bad sign for the company. one pixar
manager likened the situation to the aftermath of a divorce, when your parents remarry and
adopt the kids of their new spouses. "we feel like we're the original kids, and we've been
good, but the adopted kids are getting all the attention," he told us. "we're being punished, in
a sense, for needing less help."
i didn't want pixar to feel neglected, but i'll admit i saw an upside to this new reality.
namely, it was an opportunity for other pixar managers to step forward. given how long
john and i had been there, a dangerous mythology had been constructed around the idea that
though we weren't the only ones to recognize problems, we were an essential part of solving
them. the truth, though, was that just as other people often recognized problems before we
did because they were closer to them, they in turn raised the issues with us and helped us
solve them. our decreased presence in the office was a chance for pixar's people to see what i
already knew: that other leaders at the company had answers, too.
still, despite the protections we'd put in place, it took a while for the people of pixar to
trust that no one was coming over the hill to change us or that we were abandoning them.
eventually, though, the feeling we had hoped would emerge within pixar-a sense of strong
local ownership combined with a pride in what disney, the parent company, had
accomplished as well-led to a healthier relationship with disney as a whole. the takeaway
for managers is that this didn't happen by accident. this corporate dtente, if you will,
wouldn't have been possible, i think, without the five year compact.
the document, while providing great comfort to pixar employees, prompted several
complaints from the disney studios human resources department. the complaints boiled
down to the fact that they didn't care for the exceptionalism that our carefully guarded
policies implied. my response to this stemmed less from a loyalty to pixar than from my
commitment to a larger idea: in big organizations there are advantages to consistency, but i
strongly believe that smaller groups within the larger whole should be allowed to
differentiate themselves and operate according to their own rules, so long as those rules work.
this fosters a sense of personal ownership and pride in the company that, to my mind,
benefits the larger enterprise.
in a merger of this scope, there are seemingly countless calls to make, every day, on issues
big and small. one of the biggest decisions john and i made at disney was actually to reverse
a decision, made in LJJN, to shut down the studio's hand-drawn animation efforts. the rise of
computer animation-and Md in particular-had convinced disney's previous leaders that the
era of hand-drawn animation was over. watching from afar, john and i thought this was
tragic. we felt the decline of hand-drawn animation was not attributable to the appeal of Md
but simply to lackluster storytelling. we wanted disney animation to return to what had
made them great. so when we heard that our predecessors had opted not to renew the
contracts of one of the studio's leading directing duos, john musker and ron clements, whose
credits included the hand-drawn classics the little mermaid and aladdin, this particular call
seemed like a no-brainer.
as quickly as we could, we brought john and ron back and told them to start pitching new
ideas. right off, they proposed a twist on a classic fairy tale-the frog prince-which would
take place in new orleans and feature, as its heroine, disney's first-ever african-american
princess. we green-lighted the princess and the frog and began reassembling a crew that had
been dispersed to the winds. we asked our team at disney to propose three scenarios for
rebuilding the hand-drawn production effort. their first was to reestablish the old system
exactly as it existed before we arrived, which we rejected as too expensive. the second
scenario was to farm out the production work-subcontracting it to cheaper animation houses
overseas-which we rejected for fear that it would diminish the film's quality. the third
scenario, however, felt just right-a combination of hiring key talent inside the studio while
outsourcing certain parts of the process that wouldn't affect quality. the number of staffers
we'd need to make this happen, i was told, was KSL. to which i replied: done. but they
couldn't go over that number.
john and i were excited. not only were we reviving the art form that the studio was built
upon, this was the first movie at disney that would be made, start to finish, on our watch. we
could feel the energy in the building. it was as if everyone working on the princess and the
frog felt that they had something to prove. we set about giving them some of the tools we
used at pixar and teaching them how to use them.
research trips, for example. we talked our heads off about the value of research while
hammering out the storyline of a new film. frankly, it took a while to get the disney folks on
board with this idea. they seemed to want to lock down the story quickly so they could start
making the movie, and they didn't see at first how research would help themU they saw it as a
distraction. "it's like a math problem where they say, show your work,' " says byron
howard, expressing how people at disney animation initially viewed john's insistence that
people leave the building as they conceived their stories. "john expects that if you have
sketched out buildings from your movie, it isn't just bullshit you're throwing up on the
screen. the same with characters, costumes, story. john really believes that genuineness
come through in every detail."
we persisted: this was something we knew was an essential component of creativity and
we weren't kidding about its importance. so during the prepping of the princess and the frog,
the entire creative leadership of the film headed to louisiana. attending the krewe of
bacchus parade on the sunday before mardi gras gave them a vivid frame of reference when
they animated a sequence based on that festivalU their ride on the riverboat natchez helped
them block out a scene set on a similar river-going vesselU a tour of the st. charles avenue
streetcar line ensured that they captured the distinct clang of the trolley's bell and the sounds
and the colors: all of it was right there in front of them. upon their return, the directors, ron
and john, each told me that research inspired the production in ways they never expected. it
was the beginning of a sea change: today, directors and writers at disney can't imagine
developing an idea for a film without doing research.
leading up to the release of the princess and the frog, we'd had many conversations about
what to call it. for a while we considered the title "the frog princess," but disney's
marketing folks warned us: having the word princess in the title would lead moviegoers to
think that the film was for girls only. we pushed back, believing that the quality of the filmwould trump that association and lure viewers of all ages, male and female. we felt a return
to hand-drawn animation, done in the service of a beloved fairy tale, would pack 'em in.
turns out, it was our own version of a stupid pill.
when the princess and the frog was released, we believed we had made a good film, the
reviews confirmed that belief, and people who saw it loved it. however, we would soon learn
that we had made a serious mistake-one that was only compounded by the fact that our
movie opened nationwide just five days before james cameron's science fiction fantasy
avatar. this scheduling only encouraged moviegoers to take one look at a film with the word
princess in the title and think: that's for little girls only. to say that we are making a great film
but not listen to the input of experienced colleagues within the company imperiled the
quality we were so proud of. quality meant that every aspect-not just the rendering and the
storytelling but also the positioning and the marketing-needed to be done well, which meant
being open to reasoned opinions, even when they contradicted our own. the movie had come
in under budget, which is the rarest of achievements in the entertainment business. the
quality of its animation rivaled the best ever done by the studio. the film was profitable, as
we'd kept costs down, but it just didn't make enough to convince anyone at the studio that
we should pour more resources into hand-drawn films.
while we'd had high hopes that the film would prove that Ld could rise again, our narrow
vision and poor decision-making made it seem like the opposite was true. while we thought
then-and still think today-that hand-drawn animation is a wonderfully expressive medium,
i realize now that i got carried away by my childhood memories of the disney animation i'd
once so enjoyed. i'd liked the idea of celebrating, right out of the box, the art form that walt
disney himself pioneered.
after the princess and the frog's somewhat lackluster opening, i knew we had to rethink
what we were doing. around that time, andrew millstein pulled me aside and pointed out
that our double-barreled approach-reviving Ld while also championing Md-was confusing
the people within the studio we fundamentally wanted to encourage to focus on the future.
the issue with Ld was not the validity of the time-honored art form but that disney's
directors needed and wanted to engage with the new.
in the aftermath of the merger, many people had asked me whether we were going to have
disney do Ld and pixar Md. they were expecting disney to do the old stuff and pixar to do
the new. in the wake of the princess and the frog, i realized how important it was to nip this
toxic way of thinking in the bud. the truth was, disney's directors respected the studio's
heritage, but they wanted to build on it-and in order to do that, they had to be free to forge
their own path.
disney animation's embrace of the new would take on steam, ironically, when it finally
figured out how to reframe and rethink something old: the fairy tale rapunzel. this was a
project that had languished for years in development hell, kicking around disney, enduring a
few false starts, and finally being left for dead. but now, the studio was becoming creatively
healthier, and people were talking to one another. john often said that the problem at disney
animation was never lack of talent, it was that years of stifling working conditions had made
people lose their creative compasses. now, even with the box-office disappointment of the
princess and the frog, they were dusting those compasses off again.
for years, many at disney had tried Band failed, to crack the story of rapunzel-she of the
famous mane of hair-in a way that seemed destined to make a terrific movie. the central
challenge was that a girl locked in a tower is hardly an active scenario for a feature film. at
one point, michael eisner himself had proposed updating the tale, calling it rapunzel
unbraided, and setting it in modern-day san francisco. then, somehow, our heroine would be
transported into the fairy tale world. the director of the film, glen keane, one of the greatest
animators ever-known for his work on the little mermaid, aladdin, and beauty and the beast
-couldn't make this idea work, which left the project at an impasse. the week before john
and i arrived, our predecessors shut the project down.
one of our first acts at disney was to ask glen to keep rapunzel going. it was a classic
story, we reasoned, perfect for the disney brand. surely, there was a way to make it work as a
film. right around then glen had a temporary health scare and was forced to reduce his role
in the film to that of an adviser. in october LJJR, we brought on directors byron howard and
nathan greno, who were both fresh off their success with bolt Bhoward had directed it, with
chris williamsU greno had been head of story,. they took the story in a different direction,
teaming up with the writer dan fogelman and the composer alan menken, who had done the
music for the iconic disney musicals of the KSSJs. this rapunzel was more assertive than the
character in the classic tale, and her hair had magical healing powers, which she could
activate by singing an incantation. this version of the story was familiar but sassy and
modern at the same time.
determined not to repeat the mistake we'd made with the princess and the frog, we changed
the movie's title from rapunzel to the more gender-neutral tangled. internally, the decision
was controversial, as some people felt we were letting marketing concerns dictate creative
decisions, that we were bastardizing a classic property. nathan and byron rebutted that
charge, saying that because their story focused on a female and a male character, a former
thief named flynn rider, tangled better captured the fact that the movie was about a duo.
"you wouldn't call toy story buzz lightyear,' " as nathan said.
released in november LJKJ, tangled was a runaway success, artistically and commercially.
a. o. scott of the new york times wrote, "its look and spirit convey a modified, updated but
nonetheless sincere and unmistakable quality of old-fashioned disney-ness." the movie went
on to earn more than 'OSJ million worldwide, becoming the second-highest-grossing filmfrom disney animation ever, after the lion king. the studio had its first number one hit in
sixteen years, and the reverberations within the building were palpable.
i could stop there, but there is a coda to this story that will resonate with any manager, in
any business. it involved john's and my determination to use the success of tangled as a
healing moment for the studio, and we felt like we knew just how to do it.
we had learned long ago that while everyone appreciates cash bonuses, they value
something else almost as much: being looked in the eye by someone they respect and told,
"thank you." at pixar, we'd devised a way to give our employees money and gratitude. when
a movie makes enough money to trigger bonuses, john and i join with the directors and
producers and personally distribute checks to every person who worked on the film. this
jibes with our belief that each film belongs to everyone at the studio Band is related to our
"ideas can come from anywhere" credoU everyone is encouraged to give notes and pitch in,
and they do,. the distribution of bonuses one by one can take a while, but we feel it's
essential to take the time to shake each person's hand and tell them how much their
contribution mattered.
in the wake of tangled's success, i asked ann le cam, our vice president of human
resources, to help us do something along the same lines at disney. she printed up
personalized letters for each crew member explaining the reason for the bonus, and on a
weekday morning in the spring of LJKJ, disney animation's general manager andrew
millstein, the directors nathan greno and byron howard, the previous director Band
inspiration for the movie, glen keane, the producer roy conli, and john and i asked
everyone who'd worked on tangled to gather in one of the large stages at disney. as they
milled about, they didn't know what was coming-we'd suggested to them that it was a
general meeting. but when they saw the envelopes in our hands, they knew something was
up. it was ann's idea to give each crew member a hot-off-the-presses dvd of the movie as
well-a small gesture that made our gratitude feel even more genuine. to this day, some
tangled veterans still display framed copies of the letter they received that day on their office
walls.
would it have been easier simply to wire bonuses into employees' direct deposit accounts?
yes. but like i always say when talking about making a movie, easy isn't the goal. quality is
the goal.
the ship was beginning to turn-and it would only keep turning.
i mentioned before that disney's story trust has evolved into a strong, supportive group,
but in our first years there, it lacked leaders who excelled at storytelling structure. even
though the group was very good, i wasn't sure if any of its members would grow into the kind
of facilitators that had emerged at pixar. this worried me, because i knew how heavily pixar
relied on andrew stanton and brad bird's ability to chart the beats of a story and to make
things better. but all we could do at disney, i knew, was create a healthy creative
environment and see what developed.
i was enormously gratified, then, as the studio was making wreck-it ralph and frozen
Bdirected by chris buck and jennifer lee, who also wrote the script,, when i noticed
something changing from within. the writers at the studio had bonded with each other and,
as a group, had begun to play a key role in the story trust meetings, especially when it came
to structuring the films. this feedback group had become as good as pixar's braintrust, but
with its own personality. it was an indication of something larger that was happening: the
studio as a whole was operating more smoothly. and i want to emphasize that it was still
populated by most of the same people john and i had first encountered when we arrived. we
had applied our principles to a dysfunctional group and had changed them, unleashing their
creative potential. they had become a cohesive team, stocked with standout talents. this
brought disney animation to a new level. now we had a creative roster that was as good as
the one at pixar, yet quite different. the studio walt disney had built had become worthy of
him once again.
chapter KM
notes day
when i began this book, i hoped to capture some of the thinking that underlies the way we
work at pixar and disney animation. i also hoped that by talking with my colleagues,
bouncing my theories off of them and reflecting on what we had built, i would clarify my
own beliefs about creativity and how it is grown, protected, and sustained. two years later, i
feel like i've managed to do these things, but the clarity didn't come easy. in part, that's
because while i was writing this book, i was also working full-time at disney and pixar, and
the world did not stand still. partly, too, clarity was elusive because i don't believe in simple,
prescriptive formulas for success. i wanted this book to acknowledge the complexity that
creativity requires. and that meant wading into some murky areas.
during the period that i worked on this book, disney continued to evolve rather
dramatically, with its story trust becoming a candid and supportive feedback system and its
production group reaching new levels of technical and storytelling sophistication. each of
disney's films had setbacks-which we expected-but we found ways to work our way
through them. frozen opened on the day before thanksgiving LJKM and, like tangled, became
a worldwide box-office success-a victory made even sweeter because it came on the heels of
the studio's LJKL triumph wreck-it ralph. the creative culture at disney animation, i believe,
is fundamentally different than when john and i arrived in LJJP.
as all this was taking place, pixar released monsters university, which you may remember
underwent a change of directors during its journey to the multiplex. the film-our fourteenth
number one movie in a row-grossed 'RL million on its opening weekend Bmaking it the
second biggest pixar opening ever, and went on to make more than ':NJ million worldwide.
the mood inside pixar was jubilant. but as always, my focus was on the challenges ahead and
on staying true to our goal of recognizing problems early and engaging them fully.
i have noted that there are forces at work in any company that are hard to see. at pixar,
those forces-among them the impact of growth and the reverberations of success-had
sparked several problems. for example, as we'd grown, we had taken in quite a mixture of
people. so in addition to the colleagues who had been with us from the beginning and who
understood the principles that guided the company since they'd lived through the events that
had forged those principles, we now had more recent arrivals. while some of these people
learned quickly, absorbing the ideas that made our company work and becoming new leaders,
others were in awe of the place-respectful of our history to the point that they could be
hindered by it. many brought good new ideas with them, but some were reluctant to suggest
them. after all, this was the great and mighty pixar, they thought-who were they to call for
change? some were grateful for the supportive environment-the subsidized cafeteria, the
top-of-the-line tools-but others took them for granted, figuring that such perks came with
the territory. there were many who loved how successful we'd been, but some didn't
understand the struggle and risk that success had entailed. why couldn't we just make things
simpler, these people wanted to know?
in short, pixar had the kind of diverse problems that any successful company has. but chief
among them, to my mind, was that more and more people had begun to feel that it was either
not safe or not welcome to offer differing ideas. this hesitancy was difficult to see at first, but
when we paid attention, we saw many clues that people were holding back. to me, that
meant one thing: we, as leaders, were allowing some faulty ideas to take hold, and that was
bad for our culture.
there is nothing like a crisis, though, to bring what ails a company to the surface. and
now, we had three crises brewing at once: BK, our production costs were rising and we
needed to rein them inU BL, external economic forces were putting pressure on our businessU
and BM, one of the central tenets of our culture-good ideas can come from anywhere, so
everyone must feel empowered to speak up-was faltering. too many of our people-and to
my mind, "too many" is the same as "any"-were self-censoring. that needed to change.
these three challenges-and our belief that there was no single big idea that would solve
them-led us to try something that we hoped would break the logjam and reinvigorate the
studio. we called it notes day, and i see it as a stellar example of how to set the table for
creativity. managers of creative companies must never forget to ask themselves: "how do we
tap the brainpower of our people?" from its genesis to its execution, from the goodwill it
engendered to the company-wide changes it set in motion, notes day was a success in part
because it was based on the idea that fixing things is an ongoing, incremental process.
creative people must accept that challenges never cease, failure can't be avoided, and
"vision" is often an illusion. but they must also feel safe-always-to speak their minds.
notes day was a reminder that collaboration, determination, and candor never fail to lift us
up.
i am often asked which pixar movie makes me the proudest. my answer is that, while i take
pride in all our movies, what makes me most proud is how our people respond to crisis. when
we have a problem, the leaders of the company don't say, "what the hell are you guys going
to do about it?" instead there is talk of "our" problem and of what "we" can do to solve it
together. my colleagues see themselves as part owners of the company and of the culture,
because they are. they are very protective of pixar. and it was this protective and
participatory spirit that led to notes day.
in january LJKM, pixar's leadership-about thirty-five of us, including our producers and
directors-gathered for a two-day off-site at cavallo point, a former army baseturned
conference center in sausalito, just across the golden gate bridge from san francisco. on the
agenda were two pressing issues. the first was the rising cost of making our filmsU the second
was an unfortunate shift in the culture that all of pixar's leaders had noticed. as pixar had
grown, it had changed. no surprise there-change happens, and a K,LJJ-person company
Bpixar now, is going to operate differently than one that employs forty-five Bpixar then,. but
many of us were concerned that with that growth had come an erosion of some of the
principles that had made us successful in the past. the situation wasn't dire-far from it, in
fact, as we had some very exciting projects in the works. but as we gathered at cavallo point,
there was an urgency in the room: each of the thirty-five men and women there was engaged
by the desire to keep pixar on the right track.
tom porter-our head of production, who also happens to be a pioneer in computer
graphics and one of the founders of pixar-led off the day with an extended analysis of our
costs. distribution methods were changing rapidly, he noted, and so too were the economics
of our business. that we were doing well as a company didn't make us immune to these
greater forces, and we all agreed that we needed to stay ahead of trouble by keeping our costs
down. at the same time, we did not want to stop taking risks. we wanted always to be a
company that would gamble on unusual films such as up, ratatouille, and wall-e. not every
film had to tackle unconventional stories, of course, but we wanted every filmmaker to feel
free to propose them.
these two issues were interconnected. when costs are low, it's easier to justify taking a
risk. thus, unless we lowered our costs, we would effectively limit the kinds of films that we
would be able to make. moreover, there was another benefit of lowering costs. cheaper films
are made with smaller crews, and everyone agrees that the smaller the crew, the better the
working experience. it's not just that a leaner crew is closer and more collegialU it's that on a
smaller production it's easier for people to feel that they've made an impact. our first film,
toy story, was made with our smallest crew, but as each successive film became more visually
complex, the head count started to creep up. at the time of the off-site at cavallo point,
making a pixar film required, on average, about LL,JJJ person-weeks, the unit of
measurement we commonly use in our budget. we needed to reduce that number by about KJ
percent.
but we needed something else, as well, something that was harder to quantify.
increasingly, we sensed that our people, having enjoyed years of success, were under a great
deal of pressure not to fail. nobody wanted to have worked on the first movie that didn't
open at number one. and the result was a growing temptation to pour too much visual detail
into each film-to make it "perfect." that honorable-sounding desire-we call it "plussing"-was accompanied by a kind of paralyzing anxiety. what if we couldn't achieve the expected
level of excellence? what if we couldn't break new ground, visually? as a company, our
determination to avoid disappointments was also causing us to shy away from risk. the
specter of past excellence was sapping us of some of the energy that we'd once used to pursue
excellence. in addition to this, many new people had come into the company, people who had
not experienced the ups and downs of our previous films. thus, they had preconceived
notions of what it was like to work at a successful company. as at many companies, one of
the consequences of wild success is the pernicious distortion of reality. increasingly we would
hear that people had opinions about things they thought were wrong but were unwilling to
express them. one of our greatest values-that solutions could come from anyone and that
everyone should feel free to weigh in-was slowly being subverted under our watchful eyes.
and only we could correct it.
"sometimes i think people have gotten too comfortable," john said when we gathered in a
renovated chapel on the resort grounds. "they need to feel excited-to feel like we once did:
on fire and buzzing with possibility;"
this wasn't the first time john and i had wondered about how pixar's people were affected
by being at the front of the pack for so long. would they gradually begin to take success for
granted? "there's a lightness and a speed at disney that i want to see more of at pixar," john
said.
how, we all wondered, could we maintain pixar's sense of intensity and playfulness,
beating back the creeping conservatism that often accompanies success while also getting
leaner and more nimble?
that's when guido quaroni spoke up. guido is vice president of our tools department, and
he spends a lot of time thinking about how to keep his KLJ engineers happy. his challenge on
that front is real: his department develops technology, but pixar doesn't sell technology. it
sells stories enabled by technology. which means that when a pixar engineer develops a piece
of software, it is deemed successful only insomuch as it helps our movies get made. i've
talked about the problem at pixar of people questioning how much of each movie's success
can be attributed to them personally. for engineers, that uncertainty can be particularly
acute. guido knows that if he's not careful, that disconnect can lead to low morale. so to
retain the best engineers, he works extra hard to make sure they enjoy their jobs.
when guido had the floor, he told a story about something he'd instituted in his
department called "personal project days." two days a month, he allowed his engineers to
work on anything they wanted, using pixar's resources to engage with whatever problem or
question they found interesting. it didn't have to be directly applicable to any particular filmor address any of production's needs. if an engineer wanted to see what it was like to light a
shot in brave, for example, he or she could. if a group of engineers wanted to build a
prototype using kinect, microsoft's motion-sensing input device, to help animators capture
characters' movements, they could do that, too. any idea that sparked their curiosity, they
were free to pursue.
"you just give people the time, and they come up with the ideas," guido told us. "that's
the beauty of it: it comes from them."
guido had already told me about how, in just four months, personal project days had
reenergized his staff. privately, we'd even begun to brainstorm ideas about how similar efforts
could be implemented company-wide. at one point, he'd suggested shutting down pixar for a
week at the end of a movie's production cycle to talk about what went right, what went
wrong, and how to reboot for the next project-a sort of super-postmortem. the idea wasn't
practical, in the end, but it was thought-provoking. now, as we contemplated how to achieve
our goal of cutting costs by KJ percent, guido had a simple suggestion.
"let's ask pixar's people-all of them-for ideas about how to do it," he said.
looking at john, i could see his gears begin turning. "okay, now that's interesting," he said.
"what if we closed pixar for the day? everybody will come to work but all we'll talk about is
how to solve this problem. we dedicate an entire day to it."
the room was instantly abuzz. "this is so pixar," andrew said. "totally unexpected. yes;
you want people to get excited? that's going to do it."
when i asked who in the room would be willing to help organize it, everyone's hands shot
up.
i believe that no creative company should ever stop evolving, and this would be our latest
attempt to avoid stagnation. we wanted to explore issues big and small-to give candid notes
to ourselves about the workings of the company, much like we would give notes on a movie
in a braintrust meeting. so it made sense, as we began to make guido's idea a reality, to
invoke our shorthand term for candid feedback: notes. at some point, we decided that
monday, march KK, LJKM, would be called "notes day."
the exercise would be fruitless without the buy-in of our people, so we scheduled three
town hallstyle meetings to explain the idea to more than MJJ employees at a time. tomporter presented an abbreviated version of his off-site talk to set up the problem, and then
john and i laid out the plan. "it'll be a day in which you tell us how to make pixar better,"
john said. "we'll do no work that day. no visitors will be allowed. everyone must attend."
"we have a problem," i said, "and we believe the only people who know what to do about
it are you."
we appointed tom to preside over notes day and make sure that it was more than merely
a feel-good exercise. from the start, he made clear what notes day was-and wasn't. "this is
not a call for working faster or doing more overtime or making do with fewer people," he
said in one town hall forum. "this is about making three films every two years with roughly
the same number of people we've got today. we hope to rely on improvements in technology.
we hope that productions can share resources and avoid reinventing the wheel each time. we
hope that artists can benefit from greater clarity from the directors." but to make good on
these hopes-and to realize other areas in which we could improve-pixar's leaders needed
everyone to speak up.
tom got together with guido, lori mcadams, the vice president of human resources, and
producers katherine sarafian and galyn susman to form the core of the notes day working
group. that group would soon expand, drafting dozens of volunteers for specific assignments.
first, it created an electronic suggestion box where pixar people could submit discussion
topics they thought would help us become more innovative and more efficient. immediately,
topic ideas began flooding in, along with suggestions about how to run notes day itself.
the suggestion box, in turn, prompted something that none of us had expected. many
departments, without any prodding, created their own wiki pages and blogs to hash out what
they believed the core issues at pixar really were. weeks before notes day, people were
talking among themselves in ways they hadn't before about how, specifically, to improve
workflow and enact positive change. when people asked for guidance on how to be involved,
tom nudged them along, sending this hypothetical prompt to anyone who asked: "the year is
LJK:. both of this year's films were completed in well under KR,OJJ person-weeks. what
innovations helped these productions meet their budget goals? what are some specific things
that we did differently?"
in the end, four thousand emails poured into the notes day suggestion box-containing one
thousand separate ideas in all. as tom and his team read and evaluated them, they were
careful not to dismiss the unexpected. "while we discarded the ones that felt like general
grumbling, we also made room for interesting ideas that might, but might not, lead
somewhere," he told me. "i am sure we were biased toward ideas that would clearly help us
get to KR,OJJ person-weeks, but there were many topics we picked with only a loose or nonobvious connection to that goal. i'd say our major criterion was, can you imagine twenty
people talking about this topic for an hour?' "
putting like with like, tom's team distilled the thousand ideas down to LSM discussion
topics. that was still way too many for a single day's agenda, so a group of senior managers
then met and whittled those down to KLJ topics, organized into several broad categories such
as training, environment and cultureU cross-show resource pooling Bwe often call our
movies "shows",U tools and technologyU and workflow.
the winnowing process was difficult, and it was made even more so by the diversity of the
questions posed. some were valid but highly technical in nature, such as, "out-of-memory
errors related to inadequately pruned sets consume a significant amount of computer and
human time. what can be done to improve pruning?" others were more sociological, as in,
"how can we return to a good ideas come from anywhere' culture?" and then there was my
favorite: "how can we get to a KL,JJJ person-week movie?" that's right: KL,JJJ. this was a
discussion topic prompted by emails from several people whose reaction to the call for a KJ
percent budget cut was, naturally, to ask whether a more drastic cut might be possible as
well.
"eighteen five, smaiteen five," said the header on one email received by the notes day
working group. what, this writer asked, if of the three films pixar made every two years, one
of them was produced for a "reduced scope" of KO,JJJ person-weeks? or even KL,OJJ? "no
skimping on story, just simplifying the rest?"
another person emailed: "i, for one, would like to work on a KJ,JJJ person-week film.' i
feel that the measures you'd design to enable it would inform efforts to make the KR,OJJ
person-week film."
still another asked: "what kind of film would pixar make with KL,JJJ person-weeks? is
there a creative idea that could live up to our reputation but be done for that little? where
would the cuts be? what would be different about the process?" the subject line for that
email, by the way, was "get radical."
once the whittling process was complete, tom needed to find out roughly how many
people were interested in each discussion topic so that he could plan the day accordingly. to
that end, the notes day working group circulated a survey, and what he learned was
striking: the number one topic-the one that the most people wanted to talk about-was how
to achieve a KL,JJJ person-week movie. in the end, tom and his team would arrange seven
separate SJ-minute sessions on this topic alone. the people who signed up for these sessions
weren't martyrs. the problem of doing more with less was interesting to them, and they
wanted to engage with it. Bthink about that-the topic that captured my pixar colleagues'
imagination more than any other was an attempt to be even more aggressive in trying to
reduce the budget; they truly understood the problem and its implications. can you see why
i have so much pride in this place?,
the nitty-gritty of how all this was organized may seem a bit micro to describe here, but it
couldn't have been more vital to the way the day played out. it's all well and good to gather
people to discuss workplace challenges, but it was extremely important that we find a way to
turn all that talk into something tangible, usable, valuable.
how the day was designed, we felt, would be the deciding factor in accomplishing that.
tom and his team decided early on that people would determine their own schedules,
signing up for only the sessions that interested them. each of the notes day discussion groups
would be led by a facilitator recruited from among the company's production managers. the
week before notes day, all facilitators attended a training session to help them keep each
meeting on track and make sure that everyone-the outgoing, the laid-back, and everyone in
between-was heard from. then, to make sure something concrete emerged, the working
group designed a set of "exit forms" to be filled out by each session's participants.
red forms were for proposals, blue forms were for brainstorms, and yellow forms were for
something we called "best practices"-ideas that were not action items per se but principles
about how we should behave as a company. the forms were simple and specific: each session
got its own set, tailored specifically to the topic at hand, that asked a specific question. for
example, the session called "returning to a good ideas come from anywhere' culture," had
blue exit forms topped with this header: imagine it's LJK:. we've broken down barriers so that
people feel safe to speak up. senior employees are open to new processes. what did we do to achieve
this success? underneath that question were boxes in which attendees could pencil in three
answers. then, after they wrote a general description of each idea, they were asked to go a
few steps further. what "benefits to pixar" would these ideas bring? and what should be the
"next steps" to make them a reality? finally, there was space provided to specify "who is the
best audience for this idea?" and "who should pitch this idea?"
the goal was meaningful engagement that would lead to action. and while tom and his
team had made room for a variety of topics, there was a consistency to the way they were
framed. a best practices session called "lessons from the outside" had a yellow exit form that
posed the question, "what can we learn from best practices at other companies?" underneath,
it had space for three lessons, each with the same "benefits to pixarInext steps" follow-up.
the red exit form for a proposals session called "helping directors understand costs in
story" gave the session's attendees a jumping-off point: introduce the concept of cost early in the
story process. build in scope discussions in the idea-generation phase. story plays a role in the
budget process when building reels. then, in a space marked "revised proposal?" this form
encouraged participants to improve on the stated approach. "how does this benefit the
studio?" the form asked, and "what are the drawbacks?" at the bottom was another question,
"is this idea worth pursuing?" with two boxes underneath: "yes; @ next steps" or "no,
because. " the yes option asked: "who's the best audience for this proposal? Bbe specific,."
and again there was this: "who should pitch this proposal?"
i think you're getting a sense of how hard our team worked to make sure notes day took us
where we needed to go. as tom put it, "we didn't just want to make lists of cool things we
could do. the goal was to identify passionate people who would take ideas forward. we
wanted to put people with clever insights in front of pixar's executive team."
on the friday before notes day, i got an email telling me that K,JOS people had signed up
-nearly everyone in the company, given that some employees were on leave or away. the
following monday, we would discuss KJP topics in K:K sessions managed by KMR facilitators
in PP meeting spaces across our three buildings-from offices to conference rooms to
common spaces like the poodle lounge, which has a painting of george washington on the
wall, a bean bag toss game on the floor, and a disco ball hanging overhead.
we were as ready as we were ever going to be to let this experiment unfold.
at S a.m. on march KK, everyone gathered in the atrium of the steve jobs building. if the
navy blue pixar sweatshirt i was wearing didn't make it obvious enough, the look on my face
gave it away: i was enormously proud of how our people had already shown their
commitment to making notes day a historic day for us. i told them as much as i welcomed
them, and then i handed the mike to john.
john often plays the role of inspirer-in-chief, and the people at disney and pixar alike rely
on his energy and optimism. but this was no rah-rah call to action. ambling to the front of
the stage, john proceeded to deliver the most heartfelt and emotional speech i had ever heard
him give. he started by talking about candor, and how we spend a lot of time at pixar talking
about its importance. but candor is hard, both to deliver and to receive. he knew this
firsthand, he said, because in preparation for notes day, the organizers had shared something
else that had come in to the electronic suggestion box: a fair amount of feedback had focused
on john himself, and not all of it was positive. in particular, people were upset that-because
he was now splitting his time between two studios-they were seeing less of him. the bottom
line was that they missed him, but they also felt that there were ways that john could better
handle the inordinate pressure he was under.
john admitted that this hurtU still, he wanted to hear all of the specific criticisms. "so they
prepared a list," he said. "i thought it would be a page. instead, i got two-and-a-half pages."
among the things he learned: john was so tightly scheduled, and meetings with him were so
precious, that people tended to overprepare to see him, which served no one. in fact, john
said, "there were a lot of notes about my time management, and how i carry the emotion of
one meeting into the next, making some people ask, why is he upset at us?' i didn't know i
was doing any of this, and those two-and-a-half pages were really tough to read. but it was so
valuable for me to hear, and i'm already working to correct those things."
the atrium was quiet, despite the crowd.
"so, today, please be honest," john continued. "and those of you in management positions,
be aware that some of this is going to feel like it's directed at you personally. i'm not kidding.
it's going to happen. but put your tough skin on, and for the sake of pixar, speak up, and
don't stop the honesty. trust me. that's what today is about. it's about making pixar better
forever, for all of you and for the next generations of pixarians. this is going to
fundamentally change the company for the better. but it starts with you."
it was time to go to class.
for the first hour of notes day, everyone at the company headed to their own departmental
meeting-story, lighting, shading, accounting, what have you-where they shared ideas
with their closest colleagues about how to be more efficient. these departmental meetings,
we felt, would serve as a sort of warm-up for the dayU it's always easier to be candid with
people you know than with strangers. but as john had urged, pixar's people needed to put
their thickest skins and bravest faces on. because beginning at KJ:NO a.m., when everybody
headed to their first session, chances were good that for the rest of the day, no pixar
employee was going to find him- or herself sitting next to any of the people they knew best.
why? because the sessions weren't organized by job or by department. they were
organized by individual interest. during the lead-up to notes day, each person had been
asked what they wanted to discuss, and tom's team had created enough sessions to
accommodate everyone. while some topics were so specialized that interest was limited to a
narrow subset of employees Bfor example, to take just one: "what range of solutions do we
have for improving lighting productivity?",, curiosity being what it is, many topics attracted
all kinds of people from across the company.
if you showed up, for instance, to a brainstorming session called "developing and
appreciating a great workplace"-it's LJK:. nobody at the studio behaves as if they are entitled.
how did we accomplish that?-you would have found pixar's executive chef, a woman who
worked in legal, a woman from finance, a veteran animator, a man from systems, and more
than a dozen others. what had attracted such a cross-section? for that particular session,
everyone said they picked it because of the word entitled in the descriptor. they'd all
encountered people who acted entitled at pixar-people who insisted on having their own
piece of equipment, even if it could be shared, or who groused that they couldn't bring their
dogs to work. "this is a job," one animator said. "a great job. we are well paid. these people
need to wake up."
what was most striking to those in attendance at the "great workplace" session was how
much they had in common. the systems guy told a story about answering a frantic call for
tech support. he rushed over to assess the problem, only to be told by the aggrieved artist
that the machine should be fixed during lunch-because that's when it would be most
convenient for her. "i need to eat lunch, too," he told the group, as everyone nodded their
heads. the chef told a similar story about a last-minute request to cater a working lunch that
came without any acknowledgement of the hassle Band hustle, it would require of her staff. a
character animator lamented that he didn't know more about what people in other
departments, like lighting and shading, did. "it makes it easy to vilify and resent each other,"
he said.
one by one, the people in this session hit on the same themes. "we need to make people
behave more like peers," one person said. "i wish more people knew about the whole
production pipeline-by which i mean, that they appreciated and understood what other
people do," said another. "we need to heighten people's awareness of what they do not
know."
among the ideas this group put on their exit forms: fostering more empathy between
departments through a job-swapping program, establishing a lunch lottery that would match
people at random to encourage new connections and friendships, and holding crossdepartmental mixers designed to let far-flung colleagues get to know each other over a few
beers.
i chose to describe that session in part because it's broadly relatable-no matter what
business you're in, you've run across the scourge of entitlement. Bwere i to describe some
other notes day sessions-one on centralized rendering, say-i think i'd risk losing a few
people., but regardless of the topic that was being discussed, no matter where you were on
campus, you could feel a frisson of energy. if you stepped into a pixar restroom or stepped
outside for some air, you couldn't avoid overhearing people chatting about how exciting
notes day was. the feeling was that we were engaged in something that would make a
difference.
midway through the day, tom gathered the facilitators to check, briefly, how things were
going and to encourage them to share their experiences thus far. at one point, he asked,
"how many of you had suggestions in your sessions that could be implemented
immediately?" everybody raised their hands.
we'd made a decision to separate out pixar's executives, directors, and producers from the
notes day sessions. partly this was because it was vital that people speak freely, and we
weren't sure they would if we were there. partly, too, we peeled off because there were
particular topics that we needed to consider among ourselves: creative oversight Bare
braintrust sessions as useful as they were ten years ago?,, leadership tone and temperament
Bhow can we better foster a culture of inclusiveness in which anyone can suggest a laborsaving idea?,, the need to spend money where it can do the most good Bwe have a system
that is vulnerable to excess, that rewards perfectionists and pleasers. how do we manage
perfectionism and the desire to innovate?,.
i knew things were going well from the looks on our colleagues' faces as they hurried from
session to session. they were beaming. at day's end, as the entire company gathered outside
for beer, hot dogs, and some instant analysis, i noticed people from different departments
continuing the discussions they'd begun inside. the energy on the whole campus was electric.
this was the pixar that they wanted, that we wanted. i made a point of stopping by several
bulletin boards we'd erected to encourage people to share their impressions. among those
posted under a variety of categories were:
favorite moment from notes day: "john lasseter's candor."
something new i learned today: "people careU people can change."
how many new people did you meet today? "LM."
and then there was this: "notes day is the proof that pixar cares about people as much as
about finances." and: "do this again next year."
the next morning, i received emails from hundreds of employees. one, from a storyboard
artist, perfectly captured the feeling expressed by many. "hello ed," it read. "i just wanted to
say a postnotes day thank you. the day was truly amazing, inspirational, informative and as
i heard many times throughout the day, from many people, cathartic. if there was any
cynicism anywhere, i didn't see it. coming away from it, i felt as though the company shrank
a little. i met new people, got completely new points of view, and learned what other
departments struggle with, and succeed with. i don't know if a metric exists to measure the
impact of notes day, but from where i was standing, it was huge. in the end, i think we all
walked away with a sense of ownership over this amazing place, and its future. a we're all in
this together' feel. if nothing else, this is a huge victory. john's openness, and courage to
speak about his feedback, set an unbelievable bar. his admission put the entire company
firmly behind him, and was one of the finest instances of leading by example' i can think of. i
think we can all learn from that and accept our own introspectionIfeedback with a similar
grace and humility. thank you so much for creating an environment where this kind of
discussion can happen."
you'll remember that the exit forms filled out by notes day participants weren't shy about
asking, "who should pitch this proposal?" that was by design-we wanted the best ideas to
be pushed forward, not to languish. so in the weeks after notes day, all those who'd
volunteered to be "idea advocates" were called in to work with tom and his team to hone
their pitches. then, they began making them to me, john, and our general manager, jimmorris-and together, we immediately began moving to implement the ones that made sense.
the ideas that emerged on notes day, in other words, were not gathering dust in a drawer.
they were changing pixar-meaningfully and for the better. the specific procedural changes
will sound mundane to anyone who doesn't work in animation-we implemented a faster,
more secure way, to cite a tiny example, of delivering the latest cuts of films to directors-but
when you add them all up, they mattered. in the weeks after notes day, we implemented four
good ideas, committed to five more, and earmarked still a dozen more for continued
development. all of them stood to improve either our processes, our culture, or the way pixar
is managed.
most importantly, though, we broke the logjam that was getting in the way of candor and
making it feel dangerous. some people might measure the day's success by charting the
concrete results that resulted from it, and in fact, we have paid attention to that too. but real
improvement comes from consistent rigor and participation. for this reason, i believe the
biggest payoff of notes day was that we made it safer for people to say what they thought.
notes day made it okay to disagree. that and the feeling our people had that they were part
of the solution were its biggest contributions.
what made notes day work? to me, it boils down to three factors. first, there was a clear
and focused goal. this wasn't a free-for-all but a wide-ranging discussion Borganized around
topics suggested not by human resources or by pixar's executives, but by the company's
employees, aimed at addressing a specific reality: the need to cut our costs by KJ percent.
while the discussion topics were allowed-even encouraged-to stray into areas that might
seem only vaguely related to this goal, the fact that it was there was key. it provided a
framework-and it kept us from falling into confusion.
second, this was an idea championed by those at the highest levels of the company. had
the enormous task of making notes day a reality been shunted off on someone who didn't
have the clout to throw muscle behind it-and not entrusted to tom, who in turn recruited
the most organized people in the company to help him-it would have been an entirely
different experience. employees wouldn't have bought into the idea because they'd sense that
management hadn't, either. and that would have rendered notes day moot.
third, and relatedly, notes day was led from within. many companies hire outside
consulting firms to organize their all-staff retreats, and i understand why: doing them well is
a monumental, enormously time-consuming undertaking. but that our own people made
notes day happen was, i believe, key to its success. not only did they drive the discussion in
meaningful ways, but their involvement also paid its own dividends. seeing themselves
engage and cooperate, steering the agenda toward something that could make a real
difference, they remembered why they worked at pixar. their commitment was contagious.
notes day wasn't an end point but a beginning-a way of making room for our employees to
step forward and think about their role in our company's future. i said before that problems
are easy to identify, but finding the source of those problems is extraordinarily difficult. notes
brought problems to the surface-but we still had the hard work in front of us. notes day
didn't solve anything all by itself. but it shifted our culture-repaired it, even-in ways that
will make us better as we go forward.
i've said it before, but it bears repeating: things change, constantly, as they should. and
with change comes the need for adaptation, for fresh thinking, and, sometimes, for even a
total reboot-of your project, your department, your division, or your company as a whole. in
times of change, we need support-from our families and from our colleagues. i'm reminded
here of a letter written by one of our animators, austin madison, which i found particularly
uplifting.
"to whom it may inspire," austin wrote. "i, like many of you artists out there, constantly
shift between two states. the first Band far more preferable of the two, is white-hot, in the
zone' seat-of-the-pants, firing on all cylinders creative mode. this is when you lay your pen
down and the ideas pour out like wine from a royal chalice; this happens about M? of the
time. the other S:? of the time i am in the frustrated, struggling, office-corner-full-ofcrumpled-up-paper mode. the important thing is to slog diligently through this quagmire of
discouragement and despair. put on some audio commentary and listen to the stories of
professionals who have been making films for decades going through the same slings and
arrows of outrageous production problems. in a word: persist. persist on telling your
story. persist on reaching your audience. persist on staying true to your vision. "
i couldn't have put it any better. my goal has never been to tell people how pixar and
disney figured it all out but rather to show how we continue to figure it out, every hour of
every day. how we persist. the future is not a destination-it is a direction. it is our job,
then, to work each day to chart the right course and make corrections when, inevitably, we
stray. i already can sense the next crisis coming around the corner. to keep a creative culture
vibrant, we must not be afraid of constant uncertainty. we must accept it, just as we accept
the weather. uncertainty and change are life's constants. and that's the fun part.
the truth is, as challenges emerge, mistakes will always be made, and our work is never
done. we will always have problems, many of which are hidden from our viewU we must
work to uncover them and assess our own role in them, even if doing so means making
ourselves uncomfortableU when we then come across a problem, we must marshal all our
energies to solve it. if those assertions sound familiar, that's because i used them to kick off
this book. there's something else that bears repeating here: unleashing creativity requires
that we loosen the controls, accept risk, trust our colleagues, work to clear the path for them,
and pay attention to anything that creates fear. doing all these things won't necessarily make
the job of managing a creative culture easier. but ease isn't the goalU excellence is.
afterword
the steve we knew
it was the end of KSRO, and the computer division i ran at lucasfilm was short on suitors and,
it seemed, out of options. our tires had been kicked by anyone with even the slightest interest
in computer-generated imaging. we'd made a promising match with general motors, only to
be left at the altar. then steve jobs swooped in. as i related earlier, it was around this time
that one of his attorneys pulled us aside during a meeting and jokingly-i think-said that we
were about to climb aboard the steve jobs roller coaster. get on, we did, and what a ride it
would prove to be-with all of the attendant ups and downs.
i worked closely with steve jobs for twenty-six years. to this day, for all that has been
written about him, i don't believe that any of it comes close to capturing the man i knew. i've
been frustrated that the stories about him tend to focus so narrowly on his extreme traits and
the negative, difficult aspects of his personality. inevitably, profiles of steve describe him as
stubborn and imperious, a man who held steadfastly and unwaveringly to his own ideals,
refusing to budge or change, and who often tried to browbeat others into doing things his
way. while many of the anecdotes people repeat about his behavior as a young executive are
probably accurate, the overall portrait is way off the mark. the reality is, steve changed
profoundly in the years that i knew him.
the word genius is used a lot these days-too much, i think-but with steve, i actually
think it was warranted. still, when i first came to know him, he was frequently dismissive and
brusque. this is the part of steve that people love to write about. i realize that it is difficult to
understand people who deviate so radically from the norm, like steve did, and i suspect that
those who focus on his more extreme traits do so because those traits are entertaining and
revealing in some way. to let them drive steve's narrative, however, is to miss the more
important story. in the time i worked with steve, he didn't just gain the kind of practical
experience you would expect to acquire while running two dynamic, successful businessesU he
also got smarter about when to stop pushing people and how to keep pushing them, if
necessary, without breaking them. he became fairer and wiser, and his understanding of
partnership deepened-in large part because of his marriage to laurene and his relationships
with the children he loved so much. this shift didn't lead him to abandon his famous
commitment to innovationU it solidified it. at the same time, he developed into a kinder, more
self-aware leader. and i think pixar played a role in that development.
remember, in the late KSRJs, when pixar was founded, steve was spending most of his
time building next, the computer company he'd started after being forced out of apple. at
pixar, none of us, including steve, knew what we were doing. steve would overreach in early
negotiations with customers, which sometimes worked but sometimes backfired. at next, for
instance, he struck a 'KJJ million deal that allowed ibm to use the next software. the huge
dollar amount, combined with the fact that steve didn't give ibm rights to subsequent
versions of the software, seemed like a home run deal for next. in fact, steve had
overreached-his behavior created ill will, and he later told me he learned from that.
in those early days, steve sensed that there was something quite special going on at pixar,
but it frustrated him that he couldn't figure it out-and kept losing money in the meantime.
he had an expensive group that was ahead of its time. could he hang on long enough for that
potential to flower, especially if he didn't know if it ever would flower? what kind of person
signs on for that? would you?
we tend to think of emotion and logic as two distinct, mutually exclusive domains. not
steve. from the beginning, when making decisions, passion was a key part of his calculus. at
first, he often elicited it in a ham-handed way, by making extreme or outrageous statements
and challenging people to respond. but at pixar, even when we were a long way from being
in the black, that aggressiveness was tempered by his acknowledgment that we knew things
about graphics and storytelling that he did not. he respected our determination to be the first
to make a computer-animated feature film. he didn't tell us how to do our work or come in
and impose his will. even when we were unsure how to reach our goal, our passion was
something steve recognized and valued. that's what steve, john, and i ultimately bonded
over: passion for excellence-a passion so ardent we were willing to argue and struggle and
stay together, even when things got extremely uncomfortable.
i remember being struck by steve's response to passion when we were working on our
second film, a bug's life. there was an internal disagreement about the aspect ratio of the
film-the proportional relationship between its width and its height. in a movie theater, films
are displayed in widescreen format, where the width of the picture is more than twice the
heightU on the tvs of that time, by contrast, the width of the picture was only one and onethird times the height, more of a boxy shape. when you make a video version of a widescreen
film that will be viewed on a tv monitor, then, you either end up with black bars at the top
and bottom of the screen, or you clip off the sides of the picture completely, neither of which
is a good representation of the original film.
on a bug's life, the marketing people were in conflict with the filmmakers. the filmmakers
wanted the widescreen format because it led to a better panoramic experience in the theater,
which they believed to be more important than the home viewing experience. the marketers,
believing that consumers were less likely to buy a video with black bars on the top and
bottom, argued that the widescreen format would mean a reduction in our dvd sales. steve-no film buff-agreed with the marketing people that we would be hurting ourselves
financially if we released the movie in widescreen. the debate about this was still unresolved
when, one afternoon, i took steve around the offices so he could see some of pixar's
departments in action, and we ended up in a room full of people who were working on
lighting a scene from a bug's life. the production designer on the film, bill cone, was
showing some images on monitors that happened to be in widescreen format.
seeing this, steve interjected, in his way, that it was "nuts" for us to be making a
widescreen movie. bill, to his credit, came right back at him, explaining why the widescreen
format was absolutely crucial from an artistic standpoint. an intense back-and-forth followed.
i wouldn't call it an argument, but it was definitely heated. the discussion seemed to end
inconclusively, and steve and i continued on our rounds.
later, bill came to see me, looking rattled. "oh, my god," he said. "i was just arguing with
steve jobs. did i blow it?"
"on the contrary," i told him. "you won."
i could see something that bill couldn't: steve had responded to bill's passion about the
issue. the fact that bill was willing to stand up so forcefully and articulately for what he
believed showed steve that bill's ideas were worthy of respect. steve never raised the format
issue with us again.
it wasn't that passion trumped logic in steve's mind. he was well aware that decisions must
never be based on emotions alone. but he also saw that creativity wasn't linear, that art was
not commerce, and that to insist upon applying dollars-and-cents logic was to risk disrupting
the thing that set us apart. steve put a premium on both sides of this equation, logic and
emotion, and the way he maintained that balance was key to understanding him.
in the mid-KSSJs, it became clear that pixar, long housed in a few cramped, tilt-up buildings
in point richmond, california, was going to need a new home. the time had come to
establish a proper headquarters-a place of our own, suited to our needs. steve threw himself
into designing it, and the magnificent main building that we occupy today is the outgrowth of
all that work. but it didn't come easily.
steve's first pass at a design was based on some peculiar ideas he had about how to force
interaction among people. at an off-site staff meeting to discuss these plans in KSSR, several
people rose to complain about his intent to build a single women's and a single men's
restroom. steve relented, but he was clearly frustrated that people didn't understand what he
was trying to do: bring people together out of necessity. at first, steve struggled to find the
best way to enable that mutual experience.
next, he envisioned a separate building for each movie under production-the idea being
that each crew would benefit from having its own contained space, free of distraction. i
wasn't so sure about that, so i asked him to go on a road trip.
showing, not telling, worked best with steve, which is why i coaxed him south to burbank
for a tour of the four-story glazed-glass-and-aluminum building on thornton avenue known
as northside. disney animation had taken it over in KSS:, using it to house the crew for its
first Md animated movie, dinosaur, among other projects.
but the building was more famous for what it had housed in the KSNJs: lockheed's topsecret skunk works division, which designed jet fighters, spy planes, and at least one stealth
fighter. i loved that bit of history-and the fact that the name skunk works itself had been
borrowed from al capp's newspaper comic strip li'l abner. in that strip, there was a running
joke about a mysterious and malodorous place deep in the forest called the "skonk works"
where a strong beverage was brewed from skunks, old shoes, and other strange ingredients.
steve knew that my purpose that day wasn't to discuss comic strips or aviation history but
to show him the building-a welcoming space where several hundred animators worked on
multiple projects simultaneously, under a single roof. i liked the feel of the wide-open
hallways. i recall steve being critical of numerous facets of the building's layout, but after an
hour or so wandering around the place, i could tell he was getting the message: creating
separate buildings for each film would be isolating. he saw firsthand the way that the disney
people took advantage of the open floor plan, sharing information and brainstorming. steve
was a big believer in the power of accidental minglingU he knew that creativity was not a
solitary endeavor. but our trip to northside helped clarify that thinking. in a creative
company, separating your people into distinct silos-project a over here, project b over there
-can be counterproductive.
after that trip, he met again with his architects and laid out the principles for a single
building. he took the creation of a new pixar headquarters as a personal responsibility.
you've heard the saying "your employees are your most important asset." for most
executives, these are just words you trot out to make people feel good-while they may be
accepted as true, few leaders alter their behavior or make decisions based upon them. but
steve did, taking that principle and building our headquarters around it. everything about the
place was designed to encourage people to mingle, meet, and communicate, to support our
filmmaking by enhancing our ability to work together.
in the end, steve presided over every detail of our new building's construction, from the
arched steel bridges that straddle the central atrium to the type of chairs in our screening
rooms. he didn't want perceived barriers, so the stairs were open and inviting. he wanted a
single entrance to the building so that we saw each other as we entered. we had meeting
rooms, restrooms, a mailroom, three theaters, a game area, and an eating area all at the
center in our atrium Bwhere to this day, everyone gathers to eat, play ping pong, or be briefed
by pixar's leaders on the company's goings on,. this all resulted in cross-traffic-people
encountered each other all day long, inadvertently, which meant a better flow of
communication and increased the possibility of chance encounters. you felt the energy in the
building. steve had thought all this through with the metalogic of a philosopher and the
meticulousness of a craftsman. he believed in simple materials, masterfully constructed. he
wanted all the steel exposed, not painted. he wanted glass doors to be flush with the walls.
no wonder that when it opened in the fall of LJJJ, after four years of planning and
construction, pixar's people-who typically worked for four years on each film-took to
calling the building "steve's movie."
i admit that there were moments when i worried that pixar would fall prey to the "edifice
complex," wherein companies build shiny headquarters that are mere extensions of executive
ego. but that worry proved unfounded. from the day we moved in, on thanksgiving weekend
of LJJJ, the building became an extraordinary and fertile home. moreover, in our employees'
minds, it transformed steve-always our external defender-into an integral part of our
internal culture. the environment was so exemplary and so clearly attributed to steve that
everyone could appreciate his singular contribution to-and understanding of-the way we
worked.
that appreciation was a positive development because, as i've said before, upon meeting
steve, people typically had to become accustomed to his style. brad bird remembers a
meeting during the making of the incredibles, soon after he joined the studio, when steve hurt
his feelings by saying that some of the incredibles artwork looked "kind of saturday
morning"-a reference to the low-budget cartoons that hanna-barbera and others produced.
"in my world, that's kind of like saying, your mama sleeps around,' " brad recalls. "i was
seething. when the meeting ended, i went over to andrew and said, man, steve just said
something that really pissed me off.' and andrew, without even asking what it was, said,
only one thing?' " brad came to understand that steve was speaking not as a critic but as the
ultimate advocate. too often, animated superheroes had been made on the cheap and looked
that way, too-on that steve and brad could agree. the incredibles, he was implying, had to
reach higher. "he was just saying that we have to show this is something bigger," brad says.
"and that epitomized steve."
though no one outside pixar knew it, steve developed a lasting bond with our directors. at
first i thought this was just because he appreciated their creative and leadership abilities and
they, in turn, appreciated the support and insight he gave them. but as i paid closer attention,
i recognized there was something very important that they shared. when directors pitch an
idea, for example, they invest totally, even though a part of them knows that in the end, it
may not work at all. pitching is a way of testing material, taking its measure-and,
importantly, strengthening it-by observing how it plays to an audience. but if the idea
doesn't fly, they are extremely adept at dropping it and moving on. this is a rare skill, one
that steve had too.
steve had a remarkable knack for letting go of things that didn't work. if you were in an
argument with him, and you convinced him that you were right, he would instantly change
his mind. he didn't hold on to an idea because he had once believed it to be brilliant. his ego
didn't attach to the suggestions he made, even as he threw his full weight behind them. when
steve saw pixar's directors do the same, he recognized them as kindred spirits.
one of the dangers of this approach can be that if you are pitching intently, your very
exuberance can make others reluctant to respond candidly. when someone has a strong
personality, others can wilt in the face of their intensity. how do you prevent this from
happening? the trick is to shift the emphasis in any meeting away from the source of an idea
and onto the idea itself. people often place too much significance on the source of an idea,
accepting it Bor not criticizing it, because it comes from steve or a respected director. but
steve had no interest in that kind of affirmation. countless times, i remember watching him
toss ideas-pretty far-out ideas-into the air, just to see how they played. and if they didn't
play well, he would move on. this is, in effect, a form of storytelling-searching for the best
way to frame and communicate an idea. if people didn't understand steve, they would
misinterpret his floating of ideas as advocacy. and they would wrongly perceive his
enthusiasm or insistence as intransigence or bullheadedness. instead, he was gauging
reactions to his ideas to see whether or not he should become their advocate.
steve is not commonly described as a storyteller, and he was always careful to say he didn't
know the first thing about filmmaking. yet part of his bond with our directors stemmed from
the fact that he knew how important it was to construct a story that connected with people.
this was a skill he used in his presentations at apple. when he got up in front of an audience
to introduce a new product, he understood that he would communicate more effectively if he
put forward a narrative, and anyone who ever saw him do it could tell you that he gave
extraordinary and carefully crafted performances.
at pixar, steve was able to participate in other people's crafting of their stories, and i
believe this process helped him understand more about human dynamics. there was
something about applying his intellect to the emotion of a film-was it landing? did it ring
true?-that freed him up, and he came to see that pixar's success was reliant on its movies
connecting deeply with an audience. given the way his behavior has been described in the
past, you might think that giving constructive feedback to a vulnerable director on a notbaked-yet film would not be something that steve could do gracefully, if at all. but in fact,
over time, he became quite skilled at it. pete docter remembers steve telling him once that he
hoped in his next life he would come back as a pixar director. i have no doubt that if he did,
he'd be one of the best.
as summer gave way to fall in LJJM, steve became increasingly hard to get ahold of. he was
known for responding to emails, at all times of day and night, within minutes. but now, i
would call or email and not hear back. in october, he dropped by pixar, which was unusual-unless there was a board meeting, we usually briefed each other by phone. when john and i
sat down with him, steve closed the door and told us that he'd been having this aching in his
back that wouldn't go away. his doctor had recently sent him for a cat scan, which revealed
pancreatic cancer. ninety-five percent of people with this diagnosis are not alive five years
later, he told us. steve was determined to fight, but he knew he might not win.
over the next eight years, steve underwent a seemingly endless variety of treatments, both
traditional and experimental. as his energy waned, our interactions became less frequent,
though he still called weekly to check in, offer advice, and voice concerns. at one point
during this period, john and i drove down to apple to have lunch with him. afterward, steve
took us into a secure room where apple kept the supersecret products and showed us an early
prototype of something he called the iphone. it had a touch screen that engaged the user,
making navigation not just easy but fun. we could instantly see that it made the phones we
were carrying in our pockets look like ancient artifacts. he was particularly jazzed about it,
he said, because it was his goal not just to create a phone people used but to design a phone
people loved-one that made their lives better, both functionally and aesthetically. he
thought apple had succeeded in creating such a device.
as we walked out of the vault, steve stopped in the hallway and said he had been working
on a list of three things he wanted to do-and i remember the words precisely-"before i sail
away." one goal that mattered enormously to him was to roll out the product he'd just shown
us, along with a few others that he believed would ensure apple's future. the second was to
safeguard pixar's continued success. and the third and most important was to set his three
youngest children on a good path. i remember him saying that he hoped he would be around
to watch his son reed, then in Rth grade, graduate from high school. to hear this onceunstoppable man scaling back his hopes and ambitions to a handful of last wishes was
heartbreaking, of course, but i remember thinking that when steve said it, it sounded natural.
it felt like he had come to terms with the inevitability of not being here.
in the end, he would achieve all three of his goals.
on a sunday afternoon in february LJJ:, my daughter jeannie and i stepped out of a town
car, onto a long, red carpet  and ran smack into steve jobs. it was a few hours before the
:Sth annual academy awards, and to get to our seats, the three of us had to plow through
the crush of people outside the kodak theatre in the heart of hollywood. cars was nominated
for best animated feature film, and, like all award hopefuls, we had a few preshow jitters.
but as the three of us jostled along, steve looked around at the circus-the elegantly turnedout men and women, the scrum of television interviewers, the throngs of paparazzi and
screaming onlookers, the line of limousines pulling up at the curb-and said, "what this
scene really needs is a buddhist monk lighting himself on fire."
perspective is so hard to capture. i worked with steve for more than a quarter-century-longer, i believe, than anyone else-and i saw an arc to his life that does not accord with the
one-note portraits of relentless perfectionism i've read in magazines, newspapers, and even
his own authorized biography. relentless steve-the boorish, brilliant, but emotionally tonedeaf guy that we first came to know-changed into a different man during the last two
decades of his life. all of us who knew steve well noticed the transformation. he became
more sensitive not only to other people's feelings but also to their value as contributors to the
creative process.
his experience with pixar was part of this change. steve aspired to create utilitarian things
that also brought joyU it was his way of making the world a better place. that was part of why
pixar made him so proud-because he felt the world was better for the films we made. he
used to say regularly that as brilliant as apple products were, eventually they all ended up in
landfills. pixar movies, on the other hand, would live forever. he believed, as i do, that
because they dig for deeper truths, our movies will endure, and he found beauty in that idea.
john talks about "the nobility of entertaining people." steve understood this mission to his
core, particularly toward the end of his life, and-knowing that entertaining wasn't his
primary skill set-he felt lucky to have been involved in it.
pixar occupied a special place in steve's world, and his role evolved during our time
together. in the early years, he was our benefactor, the one who paid the bills to keep the
lights on. later, he became our protector-a constructive critic internally but our fiercest
defender to the outside. we had some trying times together, to be sure, but through those
difficulties, we forged a rare bond. i've always thought that pixar was like a well-loved
stepchild for steve-conceived before he entered our lives, maybe, but still nurtured by him
in our formative years. in the decade before his death, i watched steve change pixar even as
pixar changed him. i say this while acknowledging that no segment of one's life can be
divorced from the restU steve was, of course, always learning from his family and from his
colleagues at apple. but there was something special about the time he spent with us-enhanced, counterintuitively, by the fact that pixar was his sideline. his wife and children, of
course, were paramount, and apple was his first and most heralded professional achievementU
pixar was a place he could relax a little and play. while he never lost his intensity, we
watched him develop the ability to listen. more and more, he could express empathy and
caring and patience. he became truly wise. the change in him was real, and it was deep.
in chapter O, i mentioned that, at my insistence, steve didn't attend braintrust meetings.
but he would often give notes after movies were screened for pixar's board of directors. once
or twice per movie, when a crisis loomed, he would inevitably come in and say something
that helped alter our perceptions and improve the film. whenever offering a note, he always
began the same way: "i'm not really a filmmaker, so you can ignore everything i say. "
then he would proceed, with startling efficiency, to diagnose the problem precisely. steve
focused on the problem itself, not the filmmakers, which made his critiques all the more
powerful. if you sense a criticism is being leveled for personal reasons, it is easy to dismiss.
you couldn't dismiss steve. every film he commented on benefited from his insight.
but while in the early days his opinions would swing wildly and his delivery could be
abrupt, he became more articulate and observant of people's feelings as time went on. he
learned to read the room, demonstrating skills that, years earlier, i didn't think he had. some
people have said that he got mellower with age, but i don't think that's an adequate
description of what happenedU it sounds too passive, as if he just was letting more go. steve's
transformation was an active one. he continued to engageU he just changed the way he went
about it.
there is a phrase that many have used to describe steve's knack for accomplishing the
impossible. steve, they say, employed a "reality distortion field." in his biography of steve,
walter isaacson devoted an entire chapter to it, quoting andy hertzfeld, a member of the
original mac team at apple, saying, "the reality distortion field was a confounding mlange
of a charismatic rhetorical style, indomitable will, and eagerness to bend any fact to fit the
purpose at hand." i heard the phrase used fairly often around pixar, too. some people, after
listening to steve, would feel that they had reached a new level of insight, only to find
afterward that they could not reconstruct the steps in his reasoningU then the insight would
evaporate, leaving them scratching their heads, feeling they had been led down the garden
path. thus, reality distortion.
i disliked the phrase because it carried a whiff of negativity-implying that steve would try
to will a fantasy world into being on a whim, without regard to how his refusal to face facts
meant that everybody around him had to pull all-nighters and upend their lives in the hopes
of meeting his unmeetable expectations. much has been made of steve's refusal to follow
rules-realities-that applied to othersU famously, for example, he did not put a license plate
on his car. but to focus too much on this is to miss something important. he recognized that
many rules were in fact arbitrary. yes, he tested boundaries and crossed the line at times. as
a behavioral trait, that can be seen as antisocial-or if it happens to change the world, it can
earn you the label "visionary." we frequently support the idea of pushing boundaries in
theory, ignoring the trouble it can cause in practice.
before pixar was called pixar, it was devoted to accomplishing something that had never
been done before. for me, this had been a lifelong goal, and my colleagues at pixar-steve
among them-were willing to make that leap, too, before computers had enough speed or
memory to make it a reality. a characteristic of creative people is that they imagine making
the impossible possible. that imagining-dreaming, noodling, audaciously rejecting what is
Bfor the moment, true-is the way we discover what is new or important. steve understood
the value of science and law, but he also understood that complex systems respond in
nonlinear, unpredictable ways. and that creativity, at its best, surprises us all.
there is another, different meaning of reality distortion for me. it stems from my belief that
our decisions and actions have consequences and that those consequences shape our future.
our actions change our reality. our intentions matter. most people believe that their actions
have consequences but don't think through the implications of that belief. but steve did. he
believed, as i do, that it is precisely by acting on our intentions and staying true to our values
that we change the world.
on august LN, LJKK, steve resigned as apple's ceo, as he was no longer able to keep pace
with the rigors of the job he loved. shortly thereafter, i was exercising at home early in the
morning when the phone rang. it was steve. to be honest, i can't remember exactly what was
said, because i knew he was nearing the end, and that was an incredibly difficult reality to
deal with. but i recall that his voice was strong-stronger than it should have been, given
what he'd been through-as he talked about how many years we'd worked together and how
grateful he was to have had that experience. i remember him saying that he felt honored to
have been a part of pixar's success. i told him i felt honored, too, and was thankful for his
friendship, his example, and his loyalty. when we hung up, i said to myself, "that was the
goodbye call." i was right: he would live six more weeks, but i would never hear his voice
again.
on a monday morning five days after his death, the entire pixar workforce gathered in the
atrium of the building steve had built to mourn and remember. by KK a.m., the atrium was full
of people, and it was time to begin. i stood off to the side, thinking about the man who'd
been pixar's fiercest champion and a close friend. it fell on me to speak first.
there were so many things i could say about steve-how he bought the division that would
become pixar from george lucas in KSRP, saving us from extinctionU how he encouraged us to
embark on our first feature film, toy story, three years later, when the idea of a computeranimated film still seemed beyond our reachU how he'd solidified our future by selling us to
disney and then ensured our autonomy by orchestrating a merger that created a true
partnershipU how he helped take us from forty-three employees to the K,KJJ men and women
who stood in front of me now. looking back, i could recall the earliest moments of our
relationship-him probing and poking, me honing and fortifying my ideas. he had made me
more focused, more resilient, smarter, better. over time, i had come to rely on his demanding
specificity, which never failed to help me clarify my own thinking. i could already feel the
weight of his absence.
"i remember twenty-five years ago in february, the day that pixar was formed," i began,
recalling how we gathered in a conference room at lucasfilm to sign the papers transferring
majority ownership to steve. we were exhausted, having spent months looking for potential
suitors before steve stepped forward. for those who weren't at pixar in the beginning, i
recalled how steve had pulled alvy ray smith and me aside, put his arms around us, and
said, "as we're going through this, there's one thing i dearly ask. and that is that we be loyal
to each other." i told my colleagues that steve had always made good on that promise. "over
the years, pixar and steve went through a lot of changes and a lot of hardships," i said.
"these were very hard times. pixar came close to collapsing. any other investor or venture
capitalist would have given up." but not steve. he demanded of himself what he'd asked of
us: loyalty.
"i don't know what happens in the future," i concluded as the sun streamed through the
skylights above us. "but i do believe that steve's focus on passion and quality will take us
places that we cannot yet perceive. and for that i am truly grateful." at that moment, i was
more aware than ever of how important it was to understand and protect what had made
steve so proud. it had always been my goal to create a culture at pixar that would outlast its
leaders-steve, john, and me. now one of us had taken his leave too soon, and the job of
fortifying that culture-ensuring that it would be self-sustaining-was left to john and me.
when i was done, i offered the microphone to others who'd had a close relationship with
steve and, one by one, they stepped onto the podium. andrew stanton described steve as
"the creative firewall." with steve around, the people of pixar "were like free-range
chickens," he said, getting a laugh. "steve would do anything to keep us creatively safe."
the ever-observant pete docter got up next and recalled one of the most endearing images
he had of steve. during a meeting one day years ago, pete noticed that steve had two small,
identical holes in one of the legs of his levis OJKs. steve shifted in his seat, and pete noticed
the same two holes on the other leg, too, in the same spot, right above the ankle. as pete was
trying-and failing-to imagine a reason for these symmetrical holes, steve reached down to
pull up his socks by grabbing them through his pants-putting his fingers right where the
holes were; "here steve was worth millions, but apparently getting a new pair of pants was
not important to him," pete said. "or maybe he needed new socks with better elastic. either
way, it was a humanizing aspect to this larger-than-life guy."
brad bird recalled that when he first started talking to pixar about doing the incredibles, he
wasn't sure if he would take the offer: he was still considering staying with warner bros.,
which had released his earlier movie, the iron giant. "but it took me a month to get a
meeting with the administration of the studio i'd just made a movie for," brad said. "and in
the meantime, steve knew the name of my wife, asked how my kids were by name-he did
his homework. i thought, what the hell am i doing talking to warner bros.?' it cinched the
deal."
"steve held the bar for quality," brad continued. "he was always about the long run. he
was into buddhism, but i see him more as just a spiritual guy. i have to believe that he
believed in something beyond this"-he hesitated, overcome for a moment-"and that's
where we'll see him again. where cream rises to the top. so here's to you, steve, and to the
long run."
it was john's turn now. the room fell silent, but you could feel the current of emotion
around us all. stepping to the podium, he described what an honor it had been to be steve's
friend as he changed-like we all aspire to do-for the better.
"when steve first bought us," john said, "there was a confidence he had. some people call
it arroganceU i call it confidence. but it was basically a belief that he could do anybody's job
better than they could. that's why people hated getting into an elevator at apple with steve
because they felt by the time they got to the top floor, they'd probably be fired." again, the
room broke out in laughter. "but as pixar evolved into an animation studio, he started to look
at all the work that we were doing, and he was amazed. he realized he couldn't even come
close to doing what we could do. i like to think that when he was building pixar, when he
and laurene got married and he had his kids, that that realization of how brilliant the people
here at pixar were-that all this helped make him the amazing leader he was."
three weeks before, john had visited steve for the last time. "we sat for about an hour
talking about coming projects he was so interested in," john said, his voice catching. "i
looked at him and i realized this man had given me-given us-everything that we could
ever want. i gave him a big hug. i kissed him on the cheek and for all of you"-john was
crying now-"i said, thank you. i love you, steve.' "
the room erupted in applause, which only ebbed when one of the pixar singers took the
stage. in a quiet voice, he announced that just as our resident a capella group had sung at
every pixar wrap party in our company's history, it would now sing for steve, too. standing
in the building that we all called "steve's movie," i couldn't help but think that he would
have loved this-a fitting wrap to the production that was steve jobs.
the roller coaster came to a stop and a good friend got off, but what a ride we'd taken
together. it had been one hell of a trip.
starting points
thoughts for managing a creative culture
here are some of the principles we've developed over the years to enable and protect a
healthy creative culture. i know that when you distill a complex idea into a t-shirt slogan,
you risk giving the illusion of understanding-and, in the process, of sapping the idea of its
power. an adage worth repeating is also halfway to being irrelevant. you end up with
something that is easy to say but not connected to behavior. but while i have been dismissive
of reductive truths throughout this book, i do have a point of view, and i thought it might be
helpful to share some of the principles that i hold most dear here with you. the trick is to
think of each statement as a starting point, as a prompt toward deeper inquiry, and not as a
conclusion.
 give a good idea to a mediocre team, and they will screw it up. give a mediocre idea to a
great team, and they will either fix it or come up with something better. if you get the teamright, chances are that they'll get the ideas right.
 when looking to hire people, give their potential to grow more weight than their current
skill level. what they will be capable of tomorrow is more important than what they can do
today.
 always try to hire people who are smarter than you. always take a chance on better, even if
it seems like a potential threat.
 if there are people in your organization who feel they are not free to suggest ideas, you lose.
do not discount ideas from unexpected sources. inspiration can, and does, come from
anywhere.
 it isn't enough merely to be open to ideas from others. engaging the collective brainpower
of the people you work with is an active, ongoing process. as a manager, you must coax
ideas out of your staff and constantly push them to contribute.
 there are many valid reasons why people aren't candid with one another in a work
environment. your job is to search for those reasons and then address them.
 likewise, if someone disagrees with you, there is a reason. our first job is to understand the
reasoning behind their conclusions.
 further, if there is fear in an organization, there is a reason for it-our job is Ba, to find
what's causing it, Bb, to understand it, and Bc, to try to root it out.
 there is nothing quite as effective, when it comes to shutting down alternative viewpoints,
as being convinced you are right.
 in general, people are hesitant to say things that might rock the boat. braintrust meetings,
dailies, postmortems, and notes day are all efforts to reinforce the idea that it is okay to
express yourself. all are mechanisms of self-assessment that seek to uncover what's real.
 if there is more truth in the hallways than in meetings, you have a problem.
 many managers feel that if they are not notified about problems before others are or if they
are surprised in a meeting, then that is a sign of disrespect. get over it.
 careful "messaging" to downplay problems makes you appear to be lying, deluded,
ignorant, or uncaring. sharing problems is an act of inclusion that makes employees feel
invested in the larger enterprise.
 the first conclusions we draw from our successes and failures are typically wrong.
measuring the outcome without evaluating the process is deceiving.
 do not fall for the illusion that by preventing errors, you won't have errors to fix. the truth
is, the cost of preventing errors is often far greater than the cost of fixing them.
 change and uncertainty are part of life. our job is not to resist them but to build the
capability to recover when unexpected events occur. if you don't always try to uncover
what is unseen and understand its nature, you will be ill prepared to lead.
 similarly, it is not the manager's job to prevent risks. it is the manager's job to make it safe
to take them.
 failure isn't a necessary evil. in fact, it isn't evil at all. it is a necessary consequence of
doing something new.
 trust doesn't mean that you trust that someone won't screw up-it means you trust them
even when they do screw up.
 the people ultimately responsible for implementing a plan must be empowered to make
decisions when things go wrong, even before getting approval. finding and fixing problems
is everybody's job. anyone should be able to stop the production line.
 the desire for everything to run smoothly is a false goal-it leads to measuring people by
the mistakes they make rather than by their ability to solve problems.
 don't wait for things to be perfect before you share them with others. show early and show
often. it'll be pretty when we get there, but it won't be pretty along the way. and that's as
it should be.
 a company's communication structure should not mirror its organizational structure.
everybody should be able to talk to anybody.
 be wary of making too many rules. rules can simplify life for managers, but they can be
demeaning to the SO percent who behave well. don't create rules to rein in the other O
percent-address abuses of common sense individually. this is more work but ultimately
healthier.
 imposing limits can encourage a creative response. excellent work can emerge from
uncomfortable or seemingly untenable circumstances.
 engaging with exceptionally hard problems forces us to think differently.
 an organization, as a whole, is more conservative and resistant to change than the
individuals who comprise it. do not assume that general agreement will lead to change-it
takes substantial energy to move a group, even when all are on board.
 the healthiest organizations are made up of departments whose agendas differ but whose
goals are interdependent. if one agenda wins, we all lose.
 our job as managers in creative environments is to protect new ideas from those who don't
understand that in order for greatness to emerge, there must be phases of not-so-greatness.
protect the future, not the past.
 new crises are not always lamentable-they test and demonstrate a company's values. the
process of problem-solving often bonds people together and keeps the culture in the
present.
 excellence, quality, and good should be earned words, attributed by others to us, not
proclaimed by us about ourselves.
 do not accidentally make stability a goal. balance is more important than stability.
 don't confuse the process with the goal. working on our processes to make them better,
easier, and more efficient is an indispensable activity and something we should continually
work on-but it is not the goal. making the product great is the goal.
the luxo jr. sculpture-pixar's logo come to life-outside the main building in emeryville, california. copyright  LJJR
pixar. photo: deborah coleman
inside the entryway of pixar's headquarters in the spring of LJKL, featuring a painting from the movie brave. copyright 
LJKL pixar. photo: deborah coleman
ed catmull as a toddler with his mother, jean, and as an infant with his father, earl. ed catmull collection
ed at work in the original lucasfilm offices, circa KS:S. ed catmull collection
members of the lucasfilm computer graphics group, circa KSRO. front: alvy ray smith. back, left to right: loren carpenter,
bill reeves, ed catmull, rob cook, john lasseter, eben ostby, david salesin, craig good, and sam leffler. copyright  KSRO
pixar
john lasseter's design sketch of the character wally b., from the short film the adventures of andr @ wally b. copyright 
KSRN pixar
the "wireframe," or the underlying architecture of the computer model, of the character wally b. copyright  pixar
to consult regularly with disney executives, joe ranft, pete docter, john lasseter, and andrew stanton logged a lot of
southwest airlines miles flying between oakland and burbank during the making of toy story, circa KSSN. copyright  pixar
a group of producers in the presto theatre on pixar's campus, LJKK. front row: jonas rivera, jim morris, darla k. anderson.
middle: lindsey collins, denise ream, galyn susman. back: kevin reher, katherine sarafian, john walker, tom porter.
copyright  LJKK pixar. photo: deborah coleman
members of pixar's development department and the braintrust-including andrew stanton, lee unkrich, and pete docter-
gather for the first script reading of toy story M. copyright  LJJP pixar. photo: deborah coleman
left to right: darla k. anderson, jason katz, dan scanlon, john lasseter, lee unkrich, and susan levin during a toy story M
story review. copyright  LJJ: pixar. photo: deborah coleman
ratatouille director brad bird working on storyboards for the movie. copyright  LJKK pixar. photo: deborah coleman
from left: pixar executive vice president of creative john lasseter, pixar ceo steve jobs, disney ceo bob iger, and pixar
president ed catmull in the pixar atrium, announcing disney's decision to buy pixar, on january LN, LJJP. copyright  LJJP
pixar. photo: deborah coleman
ed, john lasseter, and bob iger rededicate pixar's main building as the steve jobs building on november O, LJKL, a little
over a year after jobs's death. photo: andrew tupman
producers kori rae, denise ream, katherine sarafian, and darla k. anderson in the brooklyn building at pixar animation
studios, LJKM. photo: ed catmull
up co-director bob peterson, production designer ricky nierva, and director pete docter observe ostriches to help them
better animate kevin, the giant bird in up. copyright  LJJ: pixar. photo: deborah coleman
more research: three-star michelin-rated chef thomas keller Bleft, shows ratatouille producer brad lewis the art of making
ratatouille in the kitchen of his restaurant the french laundry. copyright  LJJ: pixar. photo: deborah coleman
pixar animation studio crew members for the film brave take an archery class in golden gate park in san francisco.
copyright  LJJP pixar. photo: deborah coleman
steve jobs, john lasseter, and ed chat after pixar university's graduation ceremony in september KSS:. copyright  KSS:
pixar.
john lasseter shares his thoughts about the value of honest feedback at the kickoff to notes day in the pixar atrium.
copyright  LJKM pixar. photo: deborah coleman
the rainbow that appeared over pixar headquarters shortly after the announcement of steve jobs's death on october O,
LJKK. photo: angelique reisch, taken with an iphone
for steve
acknowledgments
ed catmull
writing a book like this one, which draws on so many years of learning and experience,
would not be possible without the input of countless people. i'm going to call out several of
them by name, but in truth this book benefited from the work of all of my colleagues and
friends at pixar and disney. i am grateful to each and every one of them.
first, i must thank john lasseter, chief creative officer of pixar and disney animation and
my longtime friend. john is open and generous to his core. he contributed many memories
and insights. bob iger, the chairman and chief executive of the walt disney company,
supported this project from the beginning and his feedback made it immeasurably better.
alan horn and alan bergman, the chairman and president, respectively, of walt disney
studios, have been wise leaders who have worked with me as we have gone through many
changes.
i am lucky to have an incredible team of managers whom i work with every day: at pixar,
general manager jim morris and lori mcadams, vice president of human resourcesU at disney
animation, general manager andrew millstein and ann le cam, the vice president of both
production and human resources. all four are excellent partners who make me smarter.
this book never would have happened without my agent, christy fletcher, and my editor
at random house, andy ward. andy has truly shepherded this project from its inception to
its completion. he's a great editor who made every page more readable, more compelling,
and simply better. i must also thank wendy tanzillo, my assistant of thirteen years, without
whose care and attention my life would veer toward chaos.
i've had many, many discussions over the years that have helped me wrestle with some of
the more difficult concepts in this book. among those whose willingness to engage aided me
immeasurably are michael arndt, brad bird, and bob peterson. i also benefitted from
particularly deep conversations with phillip moffitt, president of the life balance institute.
i asked many people to read this book as it took shape. i approached that process much as
we do screenings of our films, figuring that the more notes i got, from the most varied group
of people, the better and clearer the book would become. given the length of this book, i
know this was no small favor i was asking, and yet each of these people gave me their time
without hesitation. for that, i thank: jennifer aaker, darla anderson, brad bird, jeannie
catmull, lindsey collins, pete docter, bob friese, marc greenberg, casey hawkins, byron
howard, michael jennings, michael johnson, jim kennedy, john lasseter, ann le cam,
jason levy, lawrence levy, emily loose, lenny mendonca, andrew millstein, jim morris,
donna newbold, karen paik, tom porter, kori rae, jonas rivera, ali rowghani, peter sims,
andy smith, andrew stanton, galyn susman, bob sutton, karen tenkoff, lee unkrich, and
jamie woolf. robert baird, dan gerson, and nathan greno arrived in my office one day with
an enormous white boardU they were particularly helpful in structuring the book. moreover,
christine freeman, pixar's archivist, provided enormous research help, elyse klaidman and
cory knox kept many of the pieces moving when i'd lost track of them, and oren jacob
helped fill in important gaps.
i should also note that the ideas in this book were developed over a period of forty-five
years, and innumerable characters participated in this journey. this is not a history book.
while i do provide some chronological narrative to support the concepts i present, i amaware that some people-especially those who do technical work-are underrepresented,
largely because describing what they do is complex and less accessible. for the record, then,
bill reeves, eben ostby, and alvy ray smith were essential to what i deem pixar's greatest
triumph-the integration of art and technology-and this book owes them a debt of
gratitude.
finally, to my wife, susan, and the seven children circling our lives-ben, david, jeannie,
matt, michael, miles, and sean-i thank you for your patience, support, and love. thanks also
go to my ninety-two-year-old father, earl catmull, whose memory of my childhood remains
clearer than mine, and whose descriptions of my earliest years were invaluable.
amy wallace
thanks go to my agent, elyse cheney, for bringing me this project. to andy ward, at
random house, for his all-around brilliance. to my son, jack newton, for being his
insightful, funny, and inspiring self. to mary melton and jim nelson, my enormously
supportive editors at los angeles magazine and gq, for making it possible for me to take this
book on. to everyone at pixar and disney animation who helped nail down key moments,
but particularly to brad bird, pete docter, christine freeman, elyse klaidman, john lasseter,
jim morris, tom porter, andrew stanton, and wendy tanzillo. to the historians and
biographers whose books helped me ask better questions: walter isaacson Bsteve jobs,, karen
paik Bto infinity and beyond; the story of pixar animation studios,, david a. price Bthe pixar
touch: the making of a company,, michael rubin Bdroidmaker: george lucas and the digital
revolution,, and james b. stewart Bdisney war,. to my parents, for teaching me that "if you
want to write, read," and to my dear friends who never stop giving good counsel: julie
buckner, karla clement, sacha feinman, ben goldhirsh, carla hall, gary harris, nancy hass,
jon herbst, claire hoffman, beth hubbard, justin mcleod, j. r. moehringer, bob roe, julia
st. pierre, minna towbin pinger, valerie van galder, brendan vaughan, and sherri wolf.
finally, to ed catmull, for giving me a chance and for inviting me inside.
about the authors
ed catmull is co-founder of pixar animation studios and president of pixar animation and
disney animation. he has been honored with five academy awards, including the gordon e.
sawyer award for lifetime achievement in the field of computer graphics. he received his
ph.d. in computer science from the university of utah. he lives in san francisco with his wife
and children.
amy wallace is a journalist whose work has appeared in gq, wired, the new yorker, and the
new york times magazine. she currently serves as editor-at-large at los angeles magazine.
previously, she worked as a reporter and editor at the los angeles times and wrote a monthly
column for the new york times sunday business section.
